MY TOP 10 HOSTELS IN SYDNEY
The Sydney Opera House as seen from the water

Updated: 12/15/20 | December 15th, 2020

Hostels in Sydney are expensive.

Since I started visiting the city, I’ve seen hostel prices skyrocket as just the cost of living in Australia has gone up. Even when you factor in the favorable exchange rate right now, it’s just expensive to get a bed here, especially at some of the larger, more upscale hostels.

However, with a little planning, you can make sure you’re getting the most bang for your buck.

The cheapest hostels in Sydney are found in the King’s Cross area. An eight-bed dorm starts around AU$26, while a four-bed dorm starts around AU$33. Private rooms range between AU$80-120 per night, depending on things such as location and whether the bathroom is shared or private.

(Pro Tip: Avoid the Jolly Swagman! It’s a horrible place to stay.)

I’ve been visiting Sydney for a decade and have stayed in dozens upon dozens of places. There are a lot of things to consider when selecting a hostel. The top four when picking the best hostel in Sydney are:

Location – Sydney is huge and it can take some time to get around. Pick a place that is central to the sites and nightlife you want to see. All the hostels listed here are in central locations.
Price – In Sydney, you really get what you pay for, so if you go with a really cheap one, you’re probably going to get a hostel that is small, cramped, and doesn’t offer great service.
Amenities – Every hostel in the city offers free Wi-Fi, and most have a free breakfast, but if you want more than that, be sure to do your research to find the hostel that best meets your needs!
Staff – All the hostels listed here have amazing staff! They are super friendly and knowledgeable. Even if you don’t end up staying at one of the places listed below, be sure to look up reviews to ensure you end up somewhere where the staff is helpful and friendly! They can make or break a hostel!
To help you plan your trip, here is my list of the hostels in Sydney that I like the most. If you don’t want to read the longer list below, the following hostels are the best in each category:
 

Best Hostels in Sydney

Best Hostel for Budget Travelers:
Best Hostel for Families:
Best Hostel for Solo Female Travelers:
Best Hostel for Digital Nomads:
Best Hostel for Partying: Mad Monkey Bayswater

Best Overall Hostel: or
Want the specifics of each hostel? Here’s my comprehensive list of the best hostels in Sydney:

Price Legend (per night)

$ = Under $20 USD
$$ = $20-30 USD
$$$ = Over $30 USD
1. Hump Backpackers
 Hump Backpackers hostel in Sydney, Australia
I like this hostel because it’s social. The staff hosts plenty of activities (beer pong, BBQs, pancake breakfasts). There’s free breakfast, all-day coffee and tea, and different activities every night. The beds are comfy and soft, showers are kept clean, and the room lockers are huge. Hump Backpackers is in the Kings Cross area, surrounded by restaurants, shops, and bars so there’s a bunch of things to do in the area. Heads up: you have to be 18-35 years old to stay here.

Hump Backpackers at a glance:

$
Great place to meet people
Organizes lots of activities (BBQs, beer pong)
Lots of free perks (free breakfast, free coffee/tea all day)
Beds from 18 AUD ($13 USD).


 

2. Lord Wolseley
Lord Wolseley hostel in Sydney, Australia
This hostel is located on the upper floors of a historic bar and restaurant that has been around since 1881 (which, for Australia, is damn old!). There’s no real common space, and the kitchen is basically a toaster but you’re very near Chinatown so there are cheap eats nearby. The downstairs bar is always lively and they play incredible blues music on Saturday nights. The rooms themselves are pretty small with simple finishings. Its location near Chinatown and Central Station makes it one of the cheaper places to stay in town. Darling Harbour is just a five minute walk.

Lord Wolseley at a glance:

$$
Bar has great live music
Convenient location near lots of cheap restaurants
Quiet and laid-back atmosphere
Dorms from 32 AUD ($24 USD), private rooms from 81 AUD ($61 USD).


 

3. Asylum Sydney Backpackers Hostel
Asylum Sydney Backpackers Hostel in Sydney, Australia
The staff at this hostel are the absolute best! They are always the most friendly and helpful I encounter in the city. Asylum is close to Kings Cross station, and it’s just a 30-minute walk to the Opera House and the Botanic Gardens. Security is first-rate, with two locked front doors and security cameras. The dorms are huge (but they fit maximum eight people) and all have their own ensuite bathroom. There are common areas inside and outside and they also host meditation sessions and vegan nights too!

Asylum Sydney Backpackers Hostel at a glance:

$$
Lots of common areas make it easy to meet people
Super safe and secure
No alcohol allowed (so it’s nice and quiet)
Beds from 33 AUD ($24 USD).


 

4. Mad Monkey Bayswater
Kings Cross Backpackers in Sydney, Australia
This is another fun hostel, with a very lively social scene! There’s a party every night, a movie room, yoga classes, and a rooftop BBQ. Take the spiral staircase to the basement, and you’ll find a fully-equipped chill out zone with pool tables and even a Playstation gaming area. You get a free breakfast at the Mad Monkey Restaurant (which is delicious) each morning. Honestly, there’s so much to do at this hostel you might find it difficult to leave — but just beyond the front door is some of Sydney’s best bars, clubs, and restaurants. (The hostel itself is on a quiet street, though.) You have to be 18 to 35 to stay here.

Kings Cross Backpackers at a glance:

$
Party vibe makes it easy to meet people
Organizes lots of activities (movie nights, BBQs, yoga classes)
Lots of great bars and clubs nearby
Beds from 18 AUD ($13 USD).

—-> Click here to book your stay at Kings Cross Backpackers!
 

5. Sydney Harbor YHA
Sydney Harbor YHA hostel in Sydney, Australia
This is the only hostel in city’s historic harbourside area (The Rocks), and it has unreal rooftop panoramic views over the city and the famous Opera House. Sydney Harbor Bridge, Sydney Harbor, and Luna Park are also within walking distance. The rooms are incredibly spacious, and each bed comes with its own reading light. There’s also a large kitchen, several communal areas (including the excellent rooftop terrace), and even a grocery store on-site. To me, this is the best hostel in Sydney!

Sydney Harbor YHA at a glance:

$$
Rooftop terrace makes it easy to meet people
Grocery store on-site
Close to the Opera House and Harbour Bridge
Beds from 25 AUD ($26 USD), private rooms from 124 AUD ($92 USD).

PLANNING A TRIP TO AUSTRALIA?
 
Get all my best Australia travel tips as well as a FREE planning toolkit that includes the following guides sent to your inbox:
61 SAVVY TRAVEL TIPS
MY FAVORITE COMPANIES TO USE
17 STEPS FOR PLANNING A TRIP
THE TOP HOSTELS IN AUSTRALIA
HOW TO GET FREE FLIGHTS TO OZ
Full Name
Email Address
SEND ME MY TIPS!

 
6. Big Hostel
Sydney Big Hostel in Sydney, Australia
A budget, “boutique” spot in Surry Hills, Big Hostel is centrally located and I love the roof terrace with its super views over the city. They also have sundeck with a beautiful garden. You can BBQ up there as well. There’s 24/7 free coffee and tea, and breakfast is included. The kitchen has lots of space for your groceries. The rooms are are huge and the pillows are super cozy but the metal frames creak a bit. They do have lockers though.

Big Hostel at a glance:

$$
Rooftop terrace offers amazing views of the city
Lots of free perks (free breakfast, free coffee/tea)
Great place to meet people
Beds from 34 AUD ($25 USD).


 

7. Blue Parrot Backpackers
Blue Parrot Backpackers in Sydney, Australia
This hostel in Potts Point (a happening neighborhood) is run by two sisters, Effie and Sasha. The rooms are pretty standard without a lot of amenities but the hostel is super homey and feels like you’re staying with family. The hostel organizes events and pub crawls too. Potts Point is one of the most cosmopolitan parts of Sydney so I really dig staying here. It’s a lot more relaxed than most of the other hostels in the city. You have to be 18-35 to stay in the dorms.

Blue Parrot Backpackers at a glance:

$$
Organizes lots of activities (trivia nights, bar crawls)
Quiet and relaxed atmosphere
Super homey vibe
Beds from 39 AUD ($29 USD).


 

8. Mad Monkey Backpackers on Broadway
Mad Monkey Backpackers on Broadway in Sydney, Australia
Soft beds, clean showers with great water pressure, and free breakfasts make Mad Monkey Backpackers awesome. I also like the yoga classes and access to a local gym you get. The staff organizes activities and nights out (including a traditional Australian BBQ). One of the downsides is that the common areas and kitchen are small. It’s nearly impossible to cook while others are around. But the central location, friendly staff, and awesome amenities make this one of my favorite places to stay.

Mad Monkey Backpackers on Broadway at a glance:

$
Free access to the nearby gym
Organizes lots of activities (BBQs, yoga, trivia nights)
Free breakfast
Beds from 18 AUD ($13 USD), privates from 36 AUD ($27 USD).


 

9. Wake Up! Sydney Central
Wake Up! Sydney hostel in Australia
Wake Up! is, in many ways, like a backpacker hotel. With its eight floors, hyper-trendy and clean look, and small common areas, you might think it would be hard to meet people. The large size does make it sort of hard to meet people outside the common areas or your room, but the big bar downstairs lets you meet all the people you see coming and going. I really liked my time there, and I especially enjoyed the high water pressure in the showers and un-creaky beds. The hostel is located just next to the Central Station so it’s easy to get to and from the airport. Book directly to save some money as they often have deals.

Wake Up! Sydney at a glance:

$$
Bar on-site makes it easy to meet people
Convenient location near the central station
Discounts for booking direct
Beds from 25 AUD ($26 USD), privates from 95 AUD ($71 USD).


 

10. Wake Up! Bondi Beach
Bondi Backpackers hostel in Sydney
If you love the beach, you can’t beat this place — it is just seconds from the sand! There’s an awesome rooftop space overlooking Bondi Beach. The hostel offers free surfboards. There are also free yoga classes, walking tours, and other fitness activities. They also host BBQ parties and pizza nights! The rooms are comfy and the showers just fine.

Wake Up! Bondi at a glance:

$$
Amazing location on the beach
Tons of free perks (yoga, surfboards, free tours)
Awesome rooftop lounge with great views
Beds from 38 AUD ($28 USD), private rooms from 82 AUD ($61 USD).

***
There are a lot of amazing hostels in Sydney, but to me, these places above are the best hostels in the city. They offer all the things that I think are important when picking a great hostel. If you stay in any of these hostels while in Sydney, you won’t go wrong!