MY TOP 11 HOSTELS IN STOCKHOLM
Stockholm
Updated: 03/03/20 | March 3rd, 2020

Stockholm is one of my favorite places in Europe. In my opinion, it’s one of the prettiest cities on the continent, with historic well-preserved buildings dating back hundreds of years (that medieval center!), lots of parks and green space, and cobblestone streets all set on a beautiful archipelago.

I’ve been going to Stockholm for a long, long time (I used to lead tours there, and lived there for a summer) and have stayed in every hostel in town. For a small city, there are a surprising number of places to stay, and since I come here often, I wanted to try them all out!

However, it’s not a cheap place to visit. Even the hostels tend to be expensive, and they are often small and cramped. There are few that are terrible beyond measure.

But Stockholm also has a lot of incredible hostels!

That said, there are a lot of things to consider when selecting a hostel. The top four when picking the best hostel in Stockholm are:

Location – Stockholm is big and it can take some time to get around. Pick a place that is central to the sites and nightlife you want to see. All the hostels listed here are in central locations.
Price – In Stockholm, you really get what you pay for, so if you go with a really cheap one, you’re probably going to get a hostel that is small, cramped, and doesn’t offer great service.
Amenities – Every hostel in the city offers free Wi-Fi, and some have a free breakfast, but if you want more than that, be sure to do your research to find the hostel that best meets your needs!
Staff – All the hostels listed here have amazing staff! They are super friendly and knowledgeable. Even if you don’t end up staying at one of the places listed below, be sure to look up reviews to ensure you end up somewhere where the staff is helpful and friendly! They can make or break a hostel!
To help you plan your trip, here is my list of the hostels in Stockholm that I like the most. If you don’t want to read the longer list below, the following hostels are the best in each category:

Best Overall Hostel:
Best Hostel for Budget Travelers:
Best Hostel for Families:
Best Hostel for Solo Female Travelers:
Best Hostel for Digital Nomads:
Best Hostel for Partying: or
 
Want the specifics of each hostel? Here’s my comprehensive list of the best hostels in Stockholm:

Price Legend (per night)

$ = Under $25 USD
$$ = $25-35 USD
$$$ = Over $35 USD
 

1. Archipelago Hostel Old Town
Archipelago Old Town, Stockholm
Archipelago Hostel is one of the nicer hostels in the Old Town, conveniently located in a 17th-century building that’s right near the train line. It’s also near the Nobel Museum, the Royal Palace, and the Cathedral.

This hostel is very small, with only a few rooms and a small common area, but I recommend staying here if you’re looking for some peace and quiet. The shower pressure here is super strong too (just be aware that the shower stalls, while private, are in a co-ed bathroom).

Archipelago Hostel Old Town at a glance:

$
Great location (it’s right in Gamla Stan)
Relaxed and quiet so you can get a good sleep
Small hostel so it’s easy to meet people
Beds from 160 SEK/$18 USD, double rooms from 495 SEK/$55 USD.


 

2. Generator Stockholm
Generator Hostel, Stockholm
Generator is one of the biggest European hostel chains, and this is one of its best properties. The furniture is modern, Nordic, and very minimalist! There’s a huge common lounge on the ground floor too, with a restaurant and bar. There’s a laundry facility onsite as well. Its location near the train station makes it an ideal spot to explore nearby attractions, museums, and nightlife.

While it is the nicest hostel around (it was only recently built), it’s so big that it often feels impersonal and more like a backpacker hotel than anything else. If you want a more “luxury” hostel or something like a cheap hotel, stay here.

If you want a small, social, traditional backpacker place, stay elsewhere. Check the website for deals, which are frequent!

Generator Stockholm at a glance:

$
Female-only dorms for added privacy and security
Social restaurant/lounge for hanging out and meeting people
Convenient location near the central station
Beds from 165 SEK/$18 USD, double rooms from 1,135 SEK/$125 USD.


 

3. City Backpackers
City Backpackers, Stockholm
This is my favorite place to stay and by far the best hostel in Stockholm. It has a lovely café that offers steep discounts to hostelers and an outdoor eating/sitting area. Its mattresses and pillows are super cozy, and there is a huge kitchen, many common rooms, a free sauna, free pasta, and laundry facilities. You can’t turn a corner without bumping into a public computer, either!

It also hosts affordable events, including bike tours, meatball-making classes, pub crawls, and more. This is a very popular hostel, so book in advance!

City Backpackers at a glance:

$
Organizes tons of events
Lots of free perks (free coffee/tea, free pasta, free sauna)
Social outdoor patio for relaxing and meeting people
Beds from 190 SEK/$20 USD, double rooms from 650 SEK/$72 USD.


 

4. Skanstull Stockholm
Skanstull Hostel, Stockholm
My second-favorite hostel in Stockholm, it was remodeled a few years back and has a brand-new, larger kitchen and common area, and the kitchen is one of the nicest I’ve seen in a hostel in a long, long time. The hostel is quite small, but that provides a close-knit setting for getting to know other travelers.

It’s located in the southern part of town, in Södermalm (my favorite area of Stockholm).

Skanstull Stockholm at a glance:

$
Huge kitchen for cooking your own meals
Cozy atmosphere (it’s a smaller hostel so it’s easy to meet people)
Recently renovated so everything is clean and new
Beds from 200 SEK/$22 USD, double rooms from 775 SEK/$85 USD.


 

5. Castanea Old Town Hostel
Castanea Old Town Hostel, Stockholm
This amazingly central hostel is quiet and clean, and the staff is friendly. The rooms are bright and airy, with large windows and high ceilings. If you don’t want to make your own breakfast, there’s a fantastic small bakery just around the corner. I love the narrow cobblestone street it’s located on! This place is cute, cozy, and relaxing.

Castanea Old Town Hostel at a glance:

$
Central location close to all the main sights
Quiet and laid back atmosphere
Close to an amazing bakery
Beds from 205 SEK/$23 USD, double rooms from 690 SEK/$76 USD.


 

6. City Hostel – Central Station
City Hostel, Stockholm
The hostel is a 20-minute walk to the Old Town, but it’s the closest to Central Station. The rooms are pretty basic and nothing to write home about. The common area and bathrooms are kept super clean. There’s a great kitchen here too.

Overall, this is a pretty average hostel, but if you’re looking for something inexpensive and near the train station, stay here!

City Hostel at a glance:

$$
Clean bathrooms (a big plus in my books)
Quiet and relaxed atmosphere
Convenient location near the central station
Beds from 240 SEK/$26 USD, double rooms from 495 SEK/$55 USD.

WANT TO PLAN A BETTER TRIP TO EUROPE?
 
Get all my best Europe travel tips as well as a FREE planning toolkit that includes the following guides sent to your inbox:
HOW TO STAY PAST THE 90 DAY LIMIT
61 SAVVY TRAVEL TIPS
THE ULTIMATE PACKING CHECKLIST
MY FAVORITE COMPANIES TO USE
MY STEP-BY-STEP TRIP PLANNING GUIDE
Full Name
Email Address
SEND ME TRAVEL TIPS!

7. Långholmens Vandrarhem
Langholmens Vandrarhem, Stockholm
This is the best family/group hostel in Stockholm. It’s set inside an old prison, and most rooms have their own shower and toilet. It has free Wi-Fi, a cafeteria, a pub, a restaurant, a laundry room, and bike rentals. Linens are NOT included in the price (nor is breakfast), but they are available for an additional cost.

The hostel is located on Långholmen Island, surrounded by nature. It opens right onto a beach, where you can take a swim in Lake Mälaren during the summer months! HI hostel members receive a discount.

Långholmens Vandrarhem at a glance:

$$
Bike rentals available to help you explore the city easily
Large rooms that are great for groups/families
Pub/Restaurant on-site that makes meeting people easy and fun
Beds from 250 SEK/$28 USD.


 

8. 2Kronor Hostel Vasastan
2Kronor Hostel Vasatan, Stockholm
This hostel is in charming house that was built in 1865. It’s quiet here, as it is located in the north of the city, in a nice neighborhood (Vasastan) full of shops, cafés, and restaurants. This place is really good if you want something more upscale, smaller, and a bit quieter than some of the more centrally located party hostels.

2Kronor Hostel at a glance:

$$
Upscale accommodation with a chic vibe
Quiet and laid-back atmosphere
Delicious breaskfast buffet (for 100 SEK)
Beds from 280 SEK/$31 USD, double rooms from 745 SEK/$82 USD.


 

9. The Red Boat Mälaren
Red Boat Hostel, Stockholm
If you’re looking for a unique place to stay, this cozy hostel is actually on two boats on Lake Mälaren, and there’s a sea-themed bar in reception. There’s no kitchen here, but you’re just a five-minute walk to the Old Town.

The rooms and bathrooms are small (it’s a boat!), but it’s one of the coolest places to stay, especially in the summer.

The Red Boat Mälaren at a glance:

$$
Unique rooms
Bar onboard so you can mingle meet the other guests
Convenient location near the Old Town
Beds from 310 SEK/$34 USD, double rooms from 520 SEK/$57 USD.


 

10. Jumbo Stay STF/IYHF
Jumbo Stay, Stockholm
This hostel is actually an old converted 747 plane and the best place to stay if you have to be at the airport really early. There are singles, doubles, and 2–4-bed dorms. The best room is the cockpit suite with a private bathroom (starting at 1,850 SEK/$204 USD). It’s open 24 hours a day and has an onsite restaurant and bar. Towels and linens are included. If need to be by the airport, stay here. It’s super awesome!

Jumbo Stay STF at a glance:

$$$
Located near the airport (great for layovers)
Restaurant/Bar to mingle and meet people
Small dorm rooms (2-4 beds) so you won’t be crowded
Beds from 450 SEK/$50 USD, double rooms from 1,200 SEK/$132 USD.


 

11. Interhostel
Interhostel, Stockholm
Interhostel might not be the best hostel in town (in fact, it’s one of the worst), but it is the cheapest. If money is your primary concern, you should stay here. Some of the dorm rooms (as well as the kitchen) are small and feel cramped (the larger dorms have up to 14 beds), but the staff is friendly and the hostel is centrally located.

Plus, it’s always busy with people, so it’s one of the best places to meet other travelers. For that reason, it makes the list!

Interhostel at a glance:

$
Cheapest place in town
Gret place for meeting people
Friendly staff that know the city
Beds from 160 SEK/$18 USD, single rooms from 490 SEK/$55 USD.

***
Stockholm is easily walkable and has a great metro, so no matter where you are, it’s easy to get around to amazing green spaces and islands, nightlife, and historic areas.
Every hostel in Stockholm has its own vibe, but if you’re looking for the best, these are it (remember, City Backpackers is the best). You’ll have a great stay, comfy bed, and fun social environment! What more do you really need?