MY TOP 14 HOSTELS IN PRAGUE
a sunny scene on the Charles Bridge in Prague
Updated: 03/03/20 | March 3rd, 2020

Beautiful and historic, Prague is one of my favorite cities on the continent.

And I have a long history with it.

It was my first stop on my first trip around the world (all the way back in 2006).

Since that original visit, I’ve returned dozens of times, even leading tour groups there. I’ve watched it become increasingly popular with travelers and expats and more cosmopolitan with each passing year.

Now, this international city is one of the most visited in Europe (go in the spring or fall to avoid the overbearing crowds) and is home to an outsized number of hostels, given its small size.

Over the years, I’ve stayed in dozens upon dozens of hostels here. There are a lot of things to consider when selecting a hostel. The top four when picking the best hostel in Prague are:

Location – Prague is huge and it can take some time to get around. Pick a place that is central to the sites and nightlife you want to see. All the hostels listed here are in central locations.
Price – In Prague, you really get what you pay for, so if you go with a really cheap one, you’re probably going to get a hostel that is small, cramped, and doesn’t offer great service.
Amenities – Every hostel in the city offers free Wi-Fi, and most have a free breakfast, but if you want more than that, be sure to do your research to find the hostel that best meets your needs!
Staff – All the hostels listed here have amazing staff! They are super friendly and knowledgeable. Even if you don’t end up staying at one of the places listed below, be sure to look up reviews to ensure you end up somewhere where the staff is helpful and friendly! They can make or break a hostel!
To help you plan your trip, here is my list of the hostels in Prague that I like the most. If you don’t want to read the longer list below, the following hostels are the best in each category:

Best Hostel for Budget Travelers:
Best Hostel for Solo Female Travelers: or
Best Hostel for Families: or
Best Hostel for Digital Nomads: or
Best Hostel for Partying:
Best Overall Hostel:
Want the specifics of each hostel? Here’s my comprehensive list of the best hostels in Tokyo:

Price Legend (per night)

$ = Under $10 USD
$$ = $10-20 USD
$$$ = Over $20 USD
 

1. Sophie’s Hostel
Sophie's Hostel in Prague
This is my favorite hostel in Prague. It is an upscale hostel (and a sister property of the awesome hotel Miss Sophie’s). The rooms have modern finishings, soft beds, clean bathrooms, and showers with incredible water pressure. The downstairs bar is always lively, the hostel run lots of events, and the staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. When booking online, be sure to add the breakfast buffet. It’s well worth the extra 140 CZK ($6 USD).

Sophie’s Hostel at a glance:

$
Great place to meet people
Organizes lots of activities and events
Delicious breakfast buffet
Beds from 174 CZK ($8 USD).


 

2. Little Quarter Hostel
Little Quarter in Prague
Located between Prague Castle and Charles Bridge, this hostel is in one of the nicer neighborhoods of Prague. The rooms are clean, and there are privacy curtains for the dorms (always a nice touch) as well as spacious lockers. There’s a roof patio and great views from the top-floor rooms. You can sometimes get discounts when you book directly at the hostel’s website. In contrast to most of the hostels in town, Little Quarter offers a calm, non-partying atmosphere.

Little Quarter Hostel at a glance:

$
Rooftop patio makes it easy to mingle and meet peple
Laid-back vibe
Privacy curtains so you can get a decent sleep
Beds from 213 CZK ($9 USD).


 

3. Travel & Joy
Travel and Joy in Prague
This new hostel in Prague is close to everything. It’s family owned, so they know a lot about the city. There’s also a yummy traditional Czech restaurant on-site. If you’re here in the summer, check out the great new terrace. This is also another low-key hostel, so stay here if you aren’t looking to party but rather want something small and intimate.

Travel & Joy at a glance:

$$
Chill terrace for meeting people
Restaurant on-site (with delicious food)
Convenient location in the heart of the city
Beds from 220 CZK ($10 USD).

4. Hostel DownTown
Hostel DownTown in Prague
If you’re looking to party and socialize, this is one of the best hostels in Prague to do it. It offers free city and castle tours, talent shows, pub crawls, cooking classes, beer pong, and more. It also has communal dinners a few times a week. Ask for a spot on the fifth or sixth floor, as you’ll have a great view of Prague.

Hostel DownTown at a glance:

$$
Party hostel so it’s easy to meet people
Organizes lots of events (pub crawls, cooking classs, walking tours)
Regular communal dinners
Beds from 243 CZK ($11 USD).


 

5. Post Hostel Prague
Post Hostel in Prague
Another great social hostel, with a game room with a foosball table, PlayStation, and board games. There’s free breakfast, coffee, and tea. The rooms are large, and the beds are pretty comfy (the pillows are just OK), and all the beds have privacy curtains too! I love all the art on the walls. If you book on the hostel’s website, you can find all kinds of discounts, including some for students, for four-night stays (or longer), and for birthday stays.

Post Hostel Prague at a glance:

$$
Great place to meet people
Lots of free perks (like free breakfast and free coffee/tea)
Tons of discounts available when you book direct
Beds from 297 CZK ($13 USD).


 

6. Hostel Santini Prague
Hostel Santini in Prague
This hostel is one of the most beautiful in Prague. It’s in a baroque building that dates back to the 17th century. There’s even a piano (something you don’t usually see in a hostel) in the lobby. Located just below the Prague Castle, it has lots of character, offers a free breakfast, and has quiet and spacious and well-lit rooms.

Hostel Santini Prague at a glance:

$$
Laid-back and quiet atmosphere (not a party hostel)
Free breakfast
Clean and well-kept interior (feels like a hotel)
Beds from 308 CZK ($13 USD).


 

7. Old Prague Hostel
Old Prague Hostel in Prague
Just a three-minute walk to the Old Town Square, this popular hostel is one of the most central in the city and always full so it’s easy to meet people. Try to get a bed on an upper floor, as the nightclub below is noisy all night. The dorms are bit cramped, though, but the breakfast is free and includes sandwiches, cereals, milk, and coffee. You stay here for the location and the social scene.

Old Prague Hostel at a glance:

$$
Great place to meet people
Convenient central location
Free breakfast
Beds from 308 CZK ($13 USD).