7 Awesome Things To Do In Madrid
A Backpacking Guide To Spain Vibrant Capital City
Home› Destinations› Europe› Southern Europe› Spain› 
7 Awesome Things To Do In Madrid
By Pete R.Comment /3 months ago
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Pinterest
Spain, a country where everything moves at a slower pace and sometime runs late into the night/morning, was the first country I visited during my 3 months trip in western Europe. I started off my trip to the capital city of Spain, Madrid and made my way down south.

Madrid is the largest city in Spain with an interesting blend of old and new architecture. Like most big Spanish cities, you can expect great food, interesting historical landmarks and amazing nightlife. Its energy can be seen channeling through the people's laid-back approach to life where lunch does not start until 3pm, the night does not begin until 12 AM and you don't sleep until morning. This may sound crazy at first, but you might get sucked into their culture without knowing it.

10 Days Travel Itinerary for Spain
Looking for a complete itinerary to Spain?
10 Days Travel Itinerary For Spain

WATCH THIS
Russia Hour
Subscribe to my Youtube Channel for more.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Madrid Things To Do Map
Spain Video
How To Get To Madrid
How To Get Around Madrid
Where To Stay In Madrid
Travel Insurance
What To Pack For Madrid, Spain
Best Things To Do In Madrid
Go On A Free Walking Tour With MADride	Visit The Royal Palace Of Madrid	Hangout At Puerta Del Sol	Visit The Plaza Mayor	Eat At The Oldest Restaurant In The World	Explore The Quiet Streets Of Madrid	Bonus: Join A Pub Crawl
Extra: Get Your Coffee-Fix At Bicycle Cafe
Further Reading For Spain
[Show More]
Madrid Things To Do Map 	Spain Video 	How To Get To Madrid 	How To Get Around Madrid 	Where To Stay In Madrid 	Travel Insurance 	What To Pack For Madrid, Spain 	Best Things To Do In Madrid	Go On A Free Walking Tour With MADride 	Visit The Royal Palace Of Madrid 	Hangout At Puerta Del Sol 	Visit The Plaza Mayor 	Eat At The Oldest Restaurant In The World 	Explore The Quiet Streets Of Madrid 	Bonus: Join A Pub Crawl 	Extra: Get Your Coffee-Fix At Bicycle Cafe 	Further Reading For Spain
Share 7 Awesome Things to Do in Madrid  on Pinterest.
Are you in a Rush?

You can save this page to your Pinterest board for later. Feel free to follow BucketListly Blog's boards and get the latest pin directly from there as well.


Madrid Things To Do Map
Madrid Things to Do Map

Spain Video
Spain to Leave Spain from Pete R. on Vimeo
How To Get To Madrid
The best way to get here is to fly directly to Madrid. I would recommend you browse through or to find all the cheap flights from where you live to Spain and compare them so that you can find the one best fit for your itinerary.

I flew in directly from Bangkok via Thai Airways but if you are already around in Europe, there are buses that runs between countries like Eurolines or ALSA.

If you want to find the cheapest way to get to Madrid, visit Rome2rio and punch in your location and it will calculate the cheapest path you can take. The app is priceless for traveling in Europe.

You can also go with as they are cheap, reliable and run widely throughout Europe.

How To Get Around Madrid
Inside Madrid itself, more often then not, you can walk to almost all the well-known attractions if your hostel is in the main area. Otherwise, Metro is probably the easiest and cheapest option.

For transportation to other cities, I would recommend a bus like ALSA if you want reliability and reasonable price.

If you are a little adventurous or short on cash, you can give Blablacar a go. It's a car-pooling service popular among backpackers and locals who want to travel to Europe for cheap. I have not tried it myself but many people raved about it and recommended to me. I have also heard great stories from people who travel exclusively via Blablacar.

Where To Stay In Madrid
Budget: - 22 USD/Night (Dorm + Free Breakfast)

located among the quiet streets of Madrid, a few hundred meters away from a metro station. The room was very clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The staff will give you all the information you need including free walking tours you can take and organize pub crawls for you. Best of all, the price includes a free breakfast buffet!

Mid-Range: Hostal Falfes - 38 USD / Night (Twin Room with Shared Bathroom)

Daily Budget
1 daily budget 1 daily budget 1 daily budget 0.5 daily budget -1 daily budget
Traveling here, on average, will cost you more than traveling in most countries out there. You can expect to spend around 45 - 65 USD per day per person with food, accommodation and transportation.

Keep in mind that this is just a suggested daily budget based on my style of traveling, which is leaning more toward the budget side of things. If you want to stick to this budget, expect to sleep in dorms, eat out only a few times, and be comfortable using the cheapest and most convenient way of transportation, which often times involves walking.

Travel Insurance
If you are looking for a travel insurance to go along with your trip to Spain, I would recommend WorldNomads.com, which is what I use to look for a travel insurance that fits my kind of adventure. They have a simple and flexible search system that allowed me to find the right insurance for the right amount of time at an affordable price in seconds. If you need a travel insurance, give WorldNomads.com a try.


What To Pack For Madrid, Spain
As you know, I am a light traveler and packing light for a trip like this is an art in and of itself. Here are a few tips on what to pack for your trip to Madrid, Spain:

Walking/Hiking Shoes: I love walking around new cities or go on a small hike and so I highly recommend you take good comfortable shoes with you on this trip. My go-to shoes are the Timberland Shoes that I wore in most situations, even on long hikes.
Breathable Shirts: It can be quite hot outside when the sun is out and the sky is clear so be sure to carry with you multiple breathable shirts that you can wear when you are out and about.
Outer Shell Jacket: An outer shell jacket is great for when it is rainy or a little windy outside. I highly recommend the Columbia Watertight Jacket. It's breathable, light to carry, and best of all, it comes in this awesome orange color.
Microfiber Towel: A Microfiber towel is the perfect backpacker's towel as it is light, easy to dry, and can be compressed to save space in your backpack.
Fleece Jacket: When it's cold outside, I always recommend layers and the insulating layer you should always have with you is a fleece jacket. I recommend the Columbia Steens Mountain Fleece.
Camera: One of the most important items in your backpack will be a good camera to capture the beautiful moments you will be experiencing. I recommend the Sony a6600 camera with the Sony 16-55mm F2.8 lens. The best high performance and light-weight combination you can get.
Power Bank: Keep your electronic charged on-the-go with a 20,000+ mAh Power Bank.
Water Bottle: Lifestraw Filter Bottle is a great water bottle to have with you in cities or on hiking trails in case you aren't sure how clean the water source is.
Universal Adapter: You just need one universal adapter to plug in your electronics in any country you are visiting.
Packing Cubes: Packing Cubes will help you save space in your backpack as well as keep all your belongings organized.
Daypack: is my go-to daypack. It's large enough to carry all my travel gear, it comes in many amazing colors, and it is stylish as hell!
Large Backpack: You will need a large backpack to carry all of this stuff with you. I recommend you get the Osprey Atmos AG 65L backpack. With the excellent weight distribution and the lifetime guarantee, you can never go wrong with Osprey.

Best Things To Do In Madrid
Go On A Free Walking Tour With MADride
Go on a free walking tour with MADride

If you are short on time, I would recommend you to go on a free walking tour with MADride which runs everyday at 11:00AM starting from the Puerta del Sol Square. The tour will take you through Madrid in 3 hours, passing through all the important attractions while a guide will explain all the history and legends of the city. If you are staying at the same hostel as I do, you can tell the reception and they will organize it for you.

Even if you do not go with the walking tour, you can easily walk to the Royal Palace and from there, explore the city at your own leisure.

Visit The Royal Palace Of Madrid
Visit the Royal Palace of Madrid

The Royal Palace of Madrid is a must-visit attraction when you are in the city. It is located in the middle of everything. The Cathedral, the Templo de Debod, and the Plaza Mayor are within walking distance from the palace. Not to mention the stunning exterior and the detail of the many sculptures around the palace will captivate you at every turn.

If you can spare a few euros, go inside and learn the history of the palace. Unfortunately, I did not have enough time that day so I opted in for a walk around the palace instead.

Hangout At Puerta Del Sol
Go shop at Puerta del Sol

Puerta del Sol is the heart of Madrid. This square is one of the busiest square in the city with restaurants and shops catering for both locals and tourists. You can come here and shop during the day, or if you don't like shopping, the beautiful architecture will keep you and your camera busy for a while. If you come during the night, the square turns into a nightlife scene with many bars and clubs that will entertain you until morning.

Visit The Plaza Mayor
Go People-watching at the Plaza Mayor

The Plaza Mayor is another central square just a few minutes away from the Puerta del Sol. This is a marvellous place for you to sit back, relax, sip a glass of fine wine and eat tapas while enjoying the architectural wonders that surrounded the square.

Eat At The Oldest Restaurant In The World
Eat at the oldest restaurant in the world 

I bet you did not know that the oldest restaurant in the world is in Madrid. Me neither until the guide told me about it. The restaurant is called Sobrino de Botín, a Castilian-style restaurant which has been operating for more than 250 years, the oldest in the world. The restaurant still maintain its old world atmosphere within the dining area and kitchen, so much so that they still cook their food with their original wood-fired oven! Truly a once in a lifetime experience you should not miss.

Explore The Quiet Streets Of Madrid
Explore the quiet streets of Madrid

Madrid is a maze of beautiful streets criss crossing one another which makes exploring even more rewarding. One minute you are in a quiet street so quiet you thought you were not in a capital city, and another you are in a buzzing square watching people from around the world mingling. Every street has its own charm and it is waiting for you to discover.

Bonus: Join A Pub Crawl
If you travel alone and wants to meet people both locals and backpackers, I would suggest you join a pub crawl organized by your hostel. I found this to be the best way to meet new people while also seeing what the city has to offer in terms of nightlife. You will also be able to experience one of the unique character of the Spanish culture, the party culture where they start their night off at 12am and party until 7am. Needless to say, I completely wasted the next day.

Extra: Get Your Coffee-Fix At Bicycle Cafe
Digital Nomad friendly cafe

La Bicicleta Cycling Café & Workplace is located in the quieter part of Madrid near . Its friendly atmosphere, hipster vibe, and the avalability of WIFI and power outlets, made this place my favourite place to get some work done. Beware, this place has a very limited space and it seems to always be crowded all the time so do come early in the morning so you have more seating options.


Now that we have all the information we need, it's time to plan your trip to Madrid, Spain! Here are some resources to help you get your trip going:

packing icon
What to Pack: To help you get started on packing, here are 47 essential travel gear I carried with me on my trip to Madrid, Spain.
accommodation icon
Flights: and are the best places to start looking for cheap flights and great deals from your home country.
accommodation icon
Accommodation: and Booking.com are the ultimate go-to platforms to search for amazing hostels and hotels at an affordable price.
accommodation icon
Homestays: Airbnb is the best platform to look for a more local experience staying in Madrid, Spain. This way, I get to meet a local first-hand and have access to local information I wouldn't have otherwise.
insurance icon
Travel Insurance: World Nomads will provide you a ton of insurance option to cover your trip.
bus icon
Transportation: is a great place to look for bus schedule and buy tickets online in Madrid, Spain that would otherwise not have been available online. For Trains, Omio is definitely the best place to book your ticket online when you are traveling in Madrid, Spain.
car icon
Car Rental: Rentalcars.com, a reliable platform to find rental cars in Madrid, Spain.
activity icon
Day Trips & Tours: Get Your Guide or TripAdvisor are great platforms to search for activities to do in Madrid, Spain.
Are you planning to travel to Madrid, Spain independently? Be sure to check out my guide on How to Plan For Your First Solo Trip here.

Further Reading For Spain
I hope you found this guide helpful in your trip planning. If you want to read more about Spain, I have written a few more travel guides, all listed here:

Looking for a complete travel guide to Spain? Check out my 10 days backpacking itinerary for Spain.
Are you traveling to Spain as part of a bigger Europe trip? Be sure to check out my 3 months itinerary for Europe from Portugal all the way to Sweden.
Seville is home to one of my favorite piece of architecture in Spain, the Plaza Espana. If you are heading to Seville, be sure to check out our travel guide on things to do in Seville.
Granada is also another great city to visit. The city is full of culture, cheap tapas, and the beautiful Alhambra fortress waiting for you to explore. Check out my travel guide on top 7 things to do in Granada.
Barcelona is in its own league when it comes to culture and unique architecture from the rest of Spain. Here’s a complete one day itinerary on things to do in Barcelona, the capital city of Catalonia.
Not convinced by my words? Here are 23 photos that will inspire you to visit Spain.
You can also watch my Spain travel video here: "Spain to Leave Spain" travel video.
To see all articles about Spain, visit Spain Travel Guide page .
Looking for a place to go after Spain? How about France or Portugal? Visit our France travel guide page and Portugal travel guide page for more.
Looking for more travel guides for the Europe? You can find more on my Europe Travel Guide page.
Or if you want something more specific to the region, visit our Southern Europe Travel Guide page.
For more of my travel guides like this, visit my Destinations page.
Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links.