The Best Videogames to Play When You're Stuck Inside
From Final Fantasy XIV to Stardew Valley, here's a selection of games that will keep you feeling social.
Scientists, doctors, and public health experts are urging, begging, everyone to practice “ social distancing”—deliberately creating space from other human bodies. No bars, no gyms, no restaurants, no concerts, no parties. It’s an effective way of slowing the spread of Covid-19, but things can also get lonely fast. Enter: online gaming. For people allergic to phone calls, it’s a more casual option for keeping in touch. For younger generations, online games like Fortnite are the best social networks. Those who haven’t had a chance to play a massively multiplayer online role-playing game like Final Fantasy XIV might be surprised at the kindness of strangers and the experiences you can share together. Here’s our list of the best online games for keeping in touch while you’re doing the right thing and staying indoors. Final Fantasy XIV Windows, Mac, PS4 Courtesy Square Enix MMORPGs aren’t as intimidating as they look, and FFXIV’s community can’t wait to show you why. Design a character using FFXIV’s super-detailed character generator, follow the streamlined questing system, go bop some slimes on the head, and make a couple of friends in the big city. Soon you’ll be traversing psychedelic worlds and fighting fantastical beasts alongside a band of friendly strangers (or friends). FFXIV’s gorgeous landscapes and exhilarating dungeon-crawls speak for themselves, but what makes it so recommendable during a time of self-quarantine is its welcoming and helpful player base. Don’t Starve Together Windows, Mac, PS4, Xbox One Don’t Starve is a beloved survival game in which you chop down trees, mine for gold, cook bonfire dinners, build tools, and craft structures in an effort not to die. In 2014, it got a multiplayer expansion: Don’t Starve Together. In its dark yet cartoony world, you and up to five other players wander the natural realm and pool resources, eventually earning yourselves clothing and magic spells. It’s in equal parts relaxing and punishing, offering plenty of time to chat between gathering sticks and running away from killer spiders. Jackbox Windows, Mac, PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Humble, Comcast Xfinity, Android TV Jackbox is the ultimate party game. More of a platform, Jackbox offers six “party packs,” each containing hilarious and endlessly replayable microgames. Favorites include Tee K.O., in which you and your friends take turns designing horrible T-shirt logos and matching them with equally horrible taglines, and Fibbage, a trivia game that you win by writing the most convincing lie masquerading as a trivia answer. Jackbox is playable on basically everything, and you can use your phone for a controller. Although it’s built for local play, here are Jackbox’s helpful guidelines on how to catch a game remotely with friends and family. Overwatch PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One
Courtesy Blizzard Overwatch isn’t relaxing, but it will definitely hold your attention. Overwatch is highly competitive while bending the rules of first-person shooters by including several character classes, like healers and tanks, with characters that might not even use guns. Some “heroes” rely on deft reflexes and precise aiming, while others get your teammates the health, shielding, and buffs they need to survive. Overwatch’s diverse roster of heroes offers a playstyle for everyone—even people who have never touched a shooter. And once you find your groove, the skill ceiling is endlessly high. There’s always more to learn. Divinity: Original Sin 2 Windows, PS4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One Some of the best game writing and voice acting around makes Divinity: Original Sin 2 so much more than an excellent tactics game. Although it’s most popular as a single-player game, and a long one at that, Divinity: Original Sin 2 accommodates parties of up to three players through its many-leveled plot and environments. And although it’s a pretty high-brow RPG, it’s got a very no-holds-barred vibe: Players can use the terrain and nearby objects to, say, light a vat of oil on fire or section off an area with electricity. It’s creative, consuming, and deeply complex. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare’s Warzone Windows, PS4, Xbox One This just-released, free-to-play battle royale game combines all the best things about top genre hits like Fortnite, Apex Legends, and PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. It’s your typical survival shooter: 150 players drop onto a map and have to gun each other down to be the last one standing as a gas cloud closes in. It’s also got some quality-of-life additions that make it a little stickier than previous battle royale games, like cash that players can exchange for teammates’ lives. Battle royale games are fun, but they’re best enjoyed as background to a conversation with friends over voice chat. Adding to Warzone’s bro-feel is how easy it is to team up with friends using different systems. Stardew Valley Windows, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One Courtesy ConcernedApe
As anxious tweets and Facebook posts fill your feeds, peace and tranquility are more welcome than ever. Stardew Valley is the bucolic fantasy you need in your life right now. The game casts you as a city person who moves to the valley to take over your grandpa’s plot of land and farm it. You are tasked with making that plot fertile and verdant and beautiful and lush. You do this small task by small task, and you can go on forever, making your farm more and more perfect. It’s methodical and relaxing, and as of 2018, it’s cooperative as well. Stardew Valley has a multiplayer mode where you can build out your farms in unison alongside three friends. World of Warcraft Classic Windows If you’ve always been curious about the cultural phenomenon that is World of Warcraft, but too intimidated by the heaping mass of content that has been accumulating in the game since 2004, try World of Warcraft Classic. It’s the game as it was before its first expansion: hardcore fantasy with sword-and-sorcery combat. Organize a band of Horde hooligans and share experience points, weapons, and crafts. It’s a hoot with friends, plus, with a party, you’ll level up faster to reach the more gameplay-intense raid content. While the game is super simple to grasp, WoW Classic is more punishing than its modern iteration. If you decide to play, download an add-on like Questie that will make things run more smoothly. When you buy something using the retail links in our stories, we may earn a small affiliate commission. Read more about how this works. WIRED is providing free access to stories about public health and how to protect yourself during the coronavirus pandemic. Sign up for our Coronavirus Update newsletter for the latest updates, and subscribe to support our journalism. More From WIRED on Covid-19 What's social distancing? (And other Covid-19 FAQs, answered) Don’t go down a coronavirus anxiety spiral How to make your own hand sanitizer Singapore was ready for Covid-19—other countries, take note Is it ethical to order delivery during a pandemic? Read all of our coronavirus coverage here
The 10 Best Games of 2018—and Yes, They're Ranked
From the peerless combat mechanics of Dead Cells to the boundless joy of Spider-Man, these are the 10 standouts of the year.
Cry it out from the rooftops: we survived 2018. (At least as of press time, so, y'know, probably.) And in this long, complicated year, a few games stuck out as the best, the most interesting, the most surprising, of the year. Whether you're catching up over the holidays or just looking for fuel to argue with your friends, here are our picks for the best videogames released in 2018. And yes, they're ranked. And no, your eyes aren't deceiving you: a certain Western-themed open-world game isn't in here. (Nor is Celeste, which honestly should have warranted making this a Top 11 list.) Games are a vast and varied field, friends; so are opinions. Argue away! 10. Monster Hunter World (Capcom, PC/PS4/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/7paWNhKkX38 Monster Hunter has, for a certain variety of player, been a big deal for years. The once-obscure franchise has garnered a cult following addicted to its obtuse but idiomatically playable rhythms of hunting monsters, crafting gear, and hunting tougher monsters. World takes those rhythms of play and expertly makes them accessible to a broader audience, one that might have an interest in Monster Hunter but never had the time and will to learn how to play it. Using all the power of the modern gen, Monster Hunter World strikes a perfect balance between being welcoming to new players while still being challenging and strange. Explore a vast island full of prehistoric wonders, learn them, and then fight them to the honorable death. [Original review; buy now] 9. Into the Breach (Subset, PC/Switch) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/ptYwMwxP7ho Giant robots! Time travel! Horrible aliens! If Pacific Rim went into a VitaMix with that one time-travel arc of Heroes when that show was good, this would be the videogame smoothie that resulted. Travel back in time repeatedly to try to save humanity from a horde of alien bugs—building, and losing, dozens of small squads of mech pilots while you do so. This is the rare strategy game that sings because of just the right amount of story, a veneer of melancholy and grief over the repetition. You've let a lot of people die to get to this point. But this run? It's going to be different. It has to be different. [Original review; buy now] 8. Minit (Vlambeer, PC/PS4/Switch/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y-_2rkFr5m0 What can a game accomplish in 60 seconds? Traditionally, not much—but Minit presents a strong argument to the contrary. Think a 2D Legend of Zelda game, only you die every minute. What this means is that everything in the game worth doing has been compressed into 60-second increments, a design conceit that grows beyond a gimmick and into something brilliant. Riffing on the original Legend of Zelda is a favorite hobby of gaming's commercial indie scene, and I usually have absolutely zero interest in it as a trend. But Minit brings something concise, and witty, and absolutely jovial to its deconstruction of the game that became a genre. Minit only asks for one minute of engagement at a time. But you're going to want to give it a lot more. [Original review; buy now] 7. Super Smash Bros. Ultimate (Nintendo/Bandai Namco, Switch) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/BnpmjTMI12c This was something of an off year for the Nintendo Switch. Quality titles abounded, but first-party flagships were few and far between; the new Pokemon games this year didn't scratch that specific itch that Nintendo regularly crafts their games to scratch. That place of semi-nostalgic, simple wholesomeness. For that, the only game in town is really the multiplayer epic Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. Far from a perfect entry in the series, it's still more playable than almost any other game released this year. Nintendo excels at building games that are just good, clean fun, and this is the best the company they put out this year. [Original review; buy now] 6. God of War (Santa Monica, PS4) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/K0u_kAWLJOA
The grimmer by far of the two PlayStation 4 exclusives on this list, God of War is a difficult game to anoint with cheerful superlatives—not because it doesn't deserve them, but because they don't really fit the mood. It is, after all, a game about a bad, violent man trying to raise a son only moderately less broken than he is. It's a game about butchering droves of monsters and supernatural warriors, for no other good reason than because they're standing in your way. It's a game about going too far and trying to dial it back, maybe just a little, maybe just until you can almost see something approaching decency. It's a great game. Just not exactly the sort you want to praise with a smile on your face. [Original review; buy now] 5. Hitman 2 (Io Interactive, PC/PS4/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/b4CgoNHgfe4 If I could take any game with me to a desert island, provided that island also had electricity and a compatible game console, it would probably be Hitman 2. Agent 47, the series star, is a murderous cipher in an infinite cycle of assassination and disguise, and this is his perfect outing. Io's latest refines the nontraditional stealth sandbox of earlier titles into a tightly wound, impossibly complex series of puzzle box levels that burst open with an explosive giggle. Sure, you can just run up and shoot your target before fleeing, but even if you survive, what fun is that? How about throwing them off a roof while dressed as a corporate mascot. Or pretending to be a tattoo artist and then taking them out when you're all alone. Hitman 2 rewards creativity and black humor, and it can be played pretty much forever. What a game. [Original review; buy now] 4. Donut County (Ben Esposito, PC/PS4/Switch/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/NWt1GPkfzkM Donut County is not a long game, nor is it particularly complex. The puzzle premise, of sucking objects into a hole in the ground, never really gets more challenging than that, and the rhythms here are more those of a scenery showcase than a traditional puzzle game. But it's still a delight, bright and goofy, written with a shining wit and an effervescent joy. This is a comedy critique of capitalism disguised as a game about mischievous citygoing raccoons, and, like, honestly, I'm not sure what more you really want from your videogames. It ticks all of my boxes. I waited for this one for years, and it did not disappoint. [Original review; buy now] 3. Dead Cells (Motion Twin, PC/PS4/Switch/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/RvGaSPTcTxc Dead Cells is an almost peerless action game. There, I said it. Within the framework of a simple roguelike structure—die, progress, die again, slowly eking your way toward an ultimate goal—Motion Twin has built one of the most satisfying 2D combat systems I've ever had the joy of getting my hands on. Every sword slash, bomb throw, and slammed door bristles with energy. The visual and auditory feedback, the speed, everything in this game's design is built to make the action absolutely soar. Dead Cells is a morbid, challenging game, which in 2018 isn't exactly a strong differentiating factor. But I've rarely, if ever, played a game that just feels so good. [Original review; buy now] 2. Dragon Ball FighterZ (Arc System Works, PC/PS4/Switch/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/BnyUyug0li8 Honestly, the only reason this didn't get my top spot is because fighting games are about as niche as they come. Still, this game is stunning. A distillation of everything that makes Dragon Ball one of the most influential and enjoyable pieces of Japanese comic media of all time, Dragon Ball FighterZ is also just one of the best fighting games ever. Responsive, surprisingly easy to learn, and predictably difficult to master, it turns the clear visual language of the anime it's based on into brilliant play. FighterZ (pronounced "fighters," to settle that bet) is also home to some of my favorite videogame moments of the year as a spectator. No other competitive game has such a fascinating sense of visual energy, or such clear mechanical drama. It absolutely slaps, is what I'm saying. Play it, watch it, pretend to be 13 again. [Buy now] 1. Spider-Man (Insomniac Games, PS4) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/b5-_MvCWSfI
2018 was a conservative year in videogames. There were some gems, and a few exceptionally innovative titles in the indie scene, but nothing earth-shattering happened. No paradigms shifted this year. Expectations were rarely, if ever, subverted. Spider-Man likely wouldn't have made the top of a list like this in a bigger, stranger year. It's a conservative title, a triple-A open-world game in a world full of them. But don't let that fool you: even if Spider-Man is a game well suited to a quiet year, it's still an excellent game. It's pure comfort food in a year where even the best stuff rarely provoked that warm, happy feeling. Insomniac Games has crafted a title that adores its source material, that shapes its entire form around celebrating it. Spider-Man loves Spider-Man, and Spider-Man is a welcome, fun, bright presence in 2018. This is a quintessential Peter Parker adventure, perfectly translated into game form, and my impression of it has only grown more fond with time. One of my big litmus tests for games is if I find myself going back to it after I'm done covering it for work, and this was one of the few this year to pass. If you have a PlayStation 4, you owe it to yourself to check this one out. [Original review; buy now] More Great WIRED Stories Alexa grew up this year, mostly because we talked to it 8 sci-fi writers imagine the bold and new future of work The mad scramble for the world's most coveted meteorite Galileo, krypton, and how the true meter came to be Everything you want to know about the promise of 5G ? Looking for the latest gadgets? Check out our picks, gift guides, and best deals all year round ? Get even more of our inside scoops with our weekly Backchannel newsletter
