Home Round-up Gaming PlayStation Xbox Nintendo The 10 best games for new gamers By Marshall Honorof, Tom's Guide Staff 18 April 2020 The best games for new gamers can help ease you in Shares Comments (0) (Image credit: Nintendo) If you suddenly find yourself stuck in your home with a lot of time on your hands, do what the rest of us have been doing: Pick up a video game. The best games for new gamers can help ease you into the world of interactive digital entertainment with no stress and only a little bit of a learning curve. Gaming may look like a daunting hobby, full of chaotic battlefields, twitch reflexes and grandiose storylines. But the truth is that many games are intuitive, accessible and even downright chill. We polled the Tom's Guide staff to see which titles they'd recommend to ease into the world of gaming. From easygoing sims to pick-up-and-play multiplayer titles, here are 10 games to pass the time, even if you've never picked up a controller before. Animal Crossing: New Horizons (Image credit: Nintendo) Even if you don’t play games, you’ve probably heard of Animal Crossing: New Horizons. Nintendo’s colorful new life simulator has taken the internet by storm, as people all over have escaped the chaos and isolation of everyday life to retreat to a vibrant getaway island that you can grow, customize and play in however you see fit. New Horizons’ accessible gameplay and relaxing pace make it the perfect game for new gamers, as you’ll spend most of your time catching creatures, planting trees, selling and buying goods and talking to fellow villagers as you watch your island turn into a thriving social hub. And with a huge online community and various multiplayer options, there are plenty of people who can help you along the way. - Mike Andronico Batman: The Telltale Series (Image credit: Athlon Games Inc.) If there’s one thing that unites us — young and old, gamers and non-gamers, pop culture aficionados and casual fans — it’s that almost all of us love Batman. From his tortured secret identity to his colorful rogues’ gallery, something about Batman speaks to us from the comic book page, the silver screen and, yes, even the video game console. In Batman: The Telltale Series, you’ll take control of both Bruce Wayne and Batman as you play through an original origin story for some of the Caped Crusader’s greatest foes, such as the Penguin, Two-Face and Catwoman. Like most Telltale games, Batman is a point-and-click adventure, meaning there’s no complex combat system. It’s all about dialogue, story choices and solving puzzles, with the occasional break for some simple button-prompt battles. - Marshall Honorof The Jackbox Party Pack (Image credit: Jackbox Games) No one ever said you had to dive into gaming all by yourself. The Jackbox Party Pack is perhaps the best multiplayer series available today, at least if your tastes skew to silly, slightly off-color party games. There are six Jackbox Party Packs from which to choose, and each contains a different group of quirky titles. Highlights include Fibbage, in which players compete to make up the most convincing lies, You Don’t Know Jack, a slightly risqu? trivia game and Mad Verse City, where players write rhymes for giant rapping robots. Jackbox Party Packs have very little learning curve, and you don’t even need a controller to play them; you simply jump in with your own computer or smartphone. And if you don’t like one minigame, there are dozens more to try. - Marshall Honorof Journey (Image credit: Sony) Rather than overload you with story and gameplay mechanics, Journey finds success in the simplicity. Currently free right now on PS4, Journey gives you a mission of finding your way. Specifically, you're a cloaked figure, in a gorgeous and seemingly-infinite desert, trying to find safety. In order to do that, you'll need to grow your scarf, which is somehow connected to how high you can fly. Soaring around the architecture of this desert landscape is also enabled by interacting with other cloaked figures you see around the island. As you explore its world, you'll see hieroglyphics that appear to tell some kind of story, and other cloaked figures that might help you find hidden passages. As Journey's sweeping score soars along with you, and calms you through your … well, journey … you'll wonder why you ever tried those maddeningly frustrating Call of Duty games. - Henry T. Casey Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (Image credit: Nintendo) There's something about Mario Kart that's absolutely irresistible to gamers and non-gamers alike. You've almost definitely played Mario Kart at some point, whether it was at a party, in a college dorm room or simply hanging out at a friend's house. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is the latest entry in the Mario Kart series. While it's not the kind of game you can sit down and play for hours and hours at a time, it's a great way to spend a spare 30 minutes or so, particularly if you have family or house-mates with whom to share the experience. Even if you play by yourself, you can still earn tons of unlockable items for the game's 40+ playable characters. - Marshall Honorof Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy (Image credit: Capcom) If you’ve been surviving quarantine by marathoning Law & Order reruns, why not try taking on some over-the-top legal cases yourself? Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy gathers the first three games of the Ace Attorney Trilogy together into one convenient package. In these interactive visual novels, you’ll take on the role of Phoenix Wright: a hapless, tenacious defense attorney whose clients find themselves on the wrong ends of seemingly airtight murder charges. Gameplay is pretty simple, as all you need to do is gather evidence, listen to testimony, press witnesses for further information and expose contradictions. The cases get progressively tougher, though, and the contradictions get harder to spot. - Marshall Honorof Professor Layton and the Curious Village (Image credit: Level-5) A quaint European village. A charming professor and his precocious young apprentice. A last will and testament that kicks off a wild treasure hunt. This isn’t an Agatha Christie mystery; it’s Professor Layton and the Curious Village. In this adventure/puzzle game, the titular professor and his sidekick, Luke, explore the remote village of St. Mystere, where solving riddle after riddle could make them very rich — or unearth even stranger secrets. The puzzles in this game are all logical and mathematical brain teasers, meaning there’s no “gameplay” required beyond moving from place to place, finding hidden objects and writing in your answers. It’s still a challenging experience with a good old-fashioned mystery at the center. - Marshall Honorof Persona 5 Royal (Image credit: Atlus) The expanded version of a popular and beloved Japanese role playing game, Persona 5 Royal fixes the one problem with the original and adds a lot more content. I'm recommending it to new gamers for a couple of big reasons, starting with the fact that half of the game is a high school life simulator, where you manage your time with friends and teachers and build bonds with the folks in your life. An utterly different kind of gameplay than most might be familiar with, this half of the game is more than fulfilling emotionally, as you better get to know those around you. Those strong bonds and friendships come in handy on the other side of the game, where you and your fellow classmates are invading the minds of corrupt local adults. This is where the game's traditional RPG elements come in, but don't worry about a learning curve. Persona 5 Royal does a fantastic job of holding users' hands as they begin to learn about the game, always giving visual cues to help you find what to do. All the while, Persona 5 Royal's stylish visuals — it's practically dripping with cool — and wonderful soundtrack will have you amazed with how deep this game can get. - Henry T. Casey Portal (Image credit: Valve) Portal is a first-person game where you wield a gun, but it's not violent, and it's not a shooter. Instead, you take control of Chell: a prisoner in a futuristic lab who must run a series of complex — and hilarious — science experiments. Armed with a "portal gun" that shoots blue and orange portals onto any receptive surface, she can transport her way around self-contained puzzle rooms, solving intricate brainteasers and working out just why she's been imprisoned in the first place. With a sharp script, an extremely gentle learning curve and a short playtime (two to three hours is all you'll need), Portal is a welcoming experience for new gamers, and a perfect way to learn how to navigate 3D levels. - Marshall Honorof Untitled Goose Game (Image credit: Epic Games) Unlike any game I'd ever played before, Untitled Goose Game is incredibly simple and fun, at least in the beginning. You're in the webbed feet of an obnoxious goose who goes around picking up items in its bill and honking at the townsfolk. That doesn't sound like a game, but you soon get a list of anarchic chores to accomplish that range from stealing items to setting up pratfalls for the locals. Each "level" of Untitled Goose Game is a different scene or home, and once you've played a little of the game, you'll grow accustomed to its internal logic. Before you know it, you'll be setting up mini Rube Goldberg machines, ruining one citizen's day after another. It's all tied together by an adorable cartoonish aesthetic and a delightful soundtrack. - Henry T. Casey Topics Gaming Nintendo PlayStation Xbox See all comments (0) No comments yet Comment from the forums
Home Round-up Gaming The best games of 2020 (so far) By Tom's Guide Staff 04 July 2020 From Animal Crossing to Final Fantasy, here are the best games of 2020 Shares Comments (0) (Image credit: Square Enix) We’ve made it to the halfway point of 2020, and while most of the world has been turned upside down, there has been no shortage of great video games to take our minds off of the chaos of everyday life. Titles like Final Fantasy VII Remake and Resident Evil 3 provided completely fresh takes on some of the most beloved games of all time, while The Last of Us Part II and Doom Eternal pushed storytelling and action to exciting new heights. And then there’s Animal Crossing: New Horizons, which continues to take the world by storm by providing the virtual island escape we need right now. Check out the best Nintendo Switch games What we know about the Xbox Series S This list of excellent games is all the more impressive when you consider that the current generation of consoles is winding down to make way for the PS5 and Xbox Series X this fall. If you’re looking to catch up on what you’ve missed, here are the best games of 2020 so far. Final Fantasy VII Remake (Image credit: Square Enix) Final Fantasy VII Remake is easily my favorite game of 2020 so far — which is impressive, considering that I didn’t want to play it at first. While the original FFVII was one of the formative games of my teenage years, I didn’t see what good remaking it could do, other than making the graphics prettier. FFVIIR is more than just a fresh coat of paint, though. In addition to a completely revamped and highly strategic battle system, you also get wildly expanded levels, a completely new script and much richer characterizations. The combat is challenging, the environments are fully realized and the voice acting is spirited. If you’ve never played FFVII before, this is arguably the best way to experience. However, if you have played FFVII before, then FFVIIR is an even more fascinating game, thanks to smart, subtle and subversive ways in which it builds on the original’s story. If you haven’t seen the ending yet, then brace yourself — a sequel to FFVIIR could go to some very strange and satisfying places. — Marshall Honorof Today's best Final Fantasy VII Remake deals Reduced Price Final Fantasy VII: Remake -... Amazon Prime $59.99 $29.99 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Animal Crossing: New Horizons (Image credit: Nintendo) I was a month or two late to the Animal Crossing: New Horizons phenomenon, but I've certainly spent the following months making up for lost time. Over the 285 hours I put into this game, I found the joys of interior decorating my island home and levelling that domestic paradise up with room after room. Animal Crossing is an ultimate challenge, though, as you'll probably need to play the Stalk Market in order to rack up cash fast and pay off your in-game debt. Yes, somehow, Animal Crossing made debt relief kind of a fun experience — mostly because of how all of my friends were also tracking their turnip prices, leading us to constantly communicate and help each other cash in. New Horizons succeeds because of its amazingly cute designs and characters, in spite of how slow its dialogue-driven menus are and how bad Nintendo continues to be at Online. When someone visits your island, life shuts down while you spend a minute watching a loading screen. That I could spend more than 200 hours of time, enjoying a game with that kind of flaw shows you how strong its good parts are. It's practically become my preferred way to warm my brain up in the morning, digging for fossils, planting bags of money and tidying my personal island. Animal Crossing also owes some of its success to how much we all want to be on an island adventure now that we're all stranded in our own not-virtual houses. Heck, Animal Crossing New Horizons even played a decent stand-in for my spring vacation. — Henry T. Casey Today's best Animal Crossing: New Horizons deals 329 Walmart customer reviews ????? Reduced Price Animal Crossing New Horizons... Amazon Prime $72 $55 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices The Last of Us Part II (Image credit: Sony ) The Last of Us was one of the defining games of the PS3. It was the kind of game you can only get late in a console’s life span, with gorgeous graphics, refined gameplay and detailed levels that pushed the aging PS3 to its limits. Now, The Last of Us Part II has done the same thing with the PS4. This dark action/stealth game casts you as Ellie, who embarks on a quest for revenge after witnessing a brutal murder. Like the first game, The Last of Us Part II has tight, intense gameplay that challenges you to solve environmental puzzles, explore huge levels to scavenge resources, fight off grotesque Infected enemies and sneak your way past human foes. You can improve your abilities and weapons over time, and both open combat and total stealth are viable options. But what really elevates The Last of Us Part II is its story, where the plot twists come fast and frequently, and Ellie’s cause is never quite as righteous as it seems. The Last of Us Part II asks some tough questions, and the answers it provides are dark, unsettling and insightful. — Marshall Honorof Today's best The Last of Us 2 deals Reduced Price The Last of Us Part II -... Amazon Prime $59.99 $29.99 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Doom Eternal (Image credit: Bethesda) Doom Eternal takes the first-person-shooter rollercoaster ride that is 2016’s Doom reboot and cranks everything up tenfold. The game’s brutally frenetic combat is more strategic than ever, as every shotgun round, flamethrower blast and brutal melee kill all flow together to create an irresistibly fun gameplay loop in which every part of your arsenal serves a purpose. Eternal puts an even greater emphasis on movement, with double-jumps, wall-climbs and dashes that give you exciting new ways to approach enemies and explore a hell-infested Earth. And it’s all set to a buzzing heavy metal soundtrack that perfectly fuels every explosive encounter. Doom Eternal isn’t just the best take yet on the most iconic shooter around — it’s one of the best pure action games out there, period. — Mike Andronico Today's best Doom Eternal: Deluxe Edition deals DOOM Eternal Deluxe Edition GamersGate $29.70 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Resident Evil 3 (Image credit: Capcom) Following the superb Resident Evil 7 and Resident Evil 2 remake, the 2020 version of Resident Evil 3 continues to usher in the series new golden era by delivering an intense, engrossing take on one of survival horror’s most beloved classics. Shorter and more action-focused than last year’s Resident Evil 2, Resident Evil 3 is a pulse-pounding survival experience that weaves together explosive setpieces, nerve-wracking zombie encounters and some truly memorable face-offs with iconic big bad Nemesis. While not quite as content-packed as the RE2 remake, Resident Evil 3 offers up some of the best gameplay and visuals the series has seen yet, and has us chomping at the bit for next year’s Resident Evil Village. — Mike Andronico Today's best Resident Evil 3 (2020) deals 5 Walmart customer reviews ????? RESIDENT EVIL 3 GamersGate $19.80 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Persona 5 Royal (Image credit: Atlus ) Some games are so nice, you play them twice. That's what I've just experienced with the 127 hours I sunk into Persona 5 Royal, the expanded and perfected version of Persona 5, a widely lauded Japanese RPG from 2017 (that I spent 107 hours playing). The latest chapter of the long running Persona series, P5R delivers a world where teenagers discover the evils of their teachers and other devious adults, and jump into the “metaverses” of their screwed up brains and warped desires to trigger confessions of their crimes against society. In order to "steal the hearts" of their targets, you and your crew find your inner "persona" — monsters with serious power that appear in the metaverse that fight the other personas that inhabit the minds of the villains. Persona 5 Royal was truly worth the extra 127 hours of my time because of how Atlus improved an already great game. The tweaks start with the quality-of-life improvements that P5 lovers will notice, such as increased localization work and graphical flourishes. And while improvements to the combat system in technical damage add welcome complexity, it's P5R's two new characters, the gymnast Kasumi Yoshizawa and school counselor Takuto Maruki, who add a greater level of emotional depth to the game. After having played both, I'd say it's inarguable that Royal is the definitive edition of my favorite RPG of all time. — Henry T. Casey Today's best Persona 5 Royal: Phantom Thieves Edition deals Persona 5 Royal: Phantom... Amazon Prime $164.88 View Deal We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Streets of Rage 4 (Image credit: Dotemu) Talk about a glorious comeback. Streets of Rage 4 manages to be nostalgic and fresh all at once, bringing back the classic beat-em-up gameplay of the beloved Sega Genesis series while wrapping it up in a stunning new hand-drawn art style. The game’s accessible side-scrolling action will feel familiar to anyone who’s played the classics, while its dynamic new combo system gives you plenty of creative options for juggling groups of bad dudes. And with tons of difficulty settings, online and offline co-op and a trove of unlockable characters from the series’ past, Streets of Rage 4 will keep fighting fans busy for quite a while. — Mike Andronico Today's best Streets of Rage 4 deals Buy Now at Amazon No price information Buy Now at Amazon See all prices (1 found) Dreams (Image credit: Sony Interactive Entertainment) Media Molecule’s LittleBigPlanet helped define the PS3 era by letting players create their own adorable 2D platforming levels. The studio’s newest game, Dreams, takes that concept to staggering new heights. This delightful sandbox experience lets you build entire games, movies and pieces of music, whether you want to create a simple pick-up-and-play arcade game or a detailed cinematic adventure. And if you’re too daunted by the thought of making something, the amazing ingenuity of the Dreams community has already produced a ton of great experiences that range from striking horror game tributes to classic platforming action. And with new creations popping up every day and VR support on the way, Dreams is the kind of community-driven experience that only gets better over time. — Mike Andronico Today's best Dreams - PS4 deals 7 Walmart customer reviews ????? Reduced Price Dreams - PlayStation 4 Amazon Prime $39.99 $19.99 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Topics Gaming See all comments (0) No comments yet Comment from the forums
