The Best Cyber Monday Video Game and Accessory Deals
We need to stay indoors and not travel for the rest of the year. Why not stockpile on Switch, PlayStation, and Xbox titles?
Our final update: Cyber Monday has ended. If you're sale hunting, we've collected the best Cyber Monday deals still available (as of December 1). As always, we hope we helped you sift through the sales madness and find great products. Check our Holiday Buying Guides for the latest recommendations. Well before Cyber Monday, there were tons of gaming deals swirling around the internet, like dust kicked up by the release of two new consoles: the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X. Now that the newest iterations are out, previous-gen games are seeing discounts all over the place. It's good timing with the holiday season upon us, but Covid-19 is still raging around the country, and most of us can't see family. Video games provide a great way to connect with loved ones at a safe distance. We hope our favorite Cyber Monday video game and accessory deals will help in these trying times. Note: We strike through items that sell out or are no longer at their deal price as of publishing. Discounts sometimes return, so check for yourself. We will update this guide throughout the weekend. Special offer for Gear readers: Get a 1-year subscription to WIRED for $5 ($25 off). This includes unlimited access to WIRED.com and our print magazine (if you'd like). Subscriptions help fund the work we do every day. Updated November 30: We've added gift card deals and a deal on the Final Fantasy VII Remake. WIRED's Cyber Monday Coverage The Absolute Best Deals Deals on Covid-19 Supplies Deals Under $50 TV and Soundbar Deals Laptop Deals Home Office Deals Phone and Tablet Deals Headphone and Audio Deals Home, Kitchen, and Parenting Deals Self-Care and Sex Toy Deals Fitness and Outdoors Deals Mattress Deals Amazon Deals and Google Deals Eco-Friendly Deals If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Nintendo Switch Deals Nintendo's at-home and on-the-go console has been a popular little guy ever since it first came out in 2017, and it's only gotten better over time. With a robust library of AAA and indie games to choose from, the Switch is my favorite couch-side companion for these winter months. See our Best Switch Accessories and Best Switch Games guides for more picks. The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Screenshot: Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening for $40 ($20 off): Link's Awakening is an adorable remake of a classic Zelda game, reimagined with all-new art and character design. For fans of the series, it's a delightful bit of nostalgia, and for newcomers, it's an entertaining and endearing way to while away the hours during quarantine. Hades for $20 ($5 off): Explore a dark (and let's be real, pretty sexy) take on the Greek underworld in this lavishly detailed roguelike for Switch. WIRED gear writer Louryn Strampe sang praises in her review, which you can read here. New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe for $27 ($33 off): Feeling nostalgic for some classic sidescrolling Mario? This is a re-release of the Wii U version (hence the "U" in the name), and it's actually two games in one. You get New Super Luigi U as well. There's co-op support so play along with your quarantine bubble. Fire Emblem: Three Houses for $30 ($30 off): Even if you're not a Fire Emblem die-hard, this game of wartime strategy and teenage interpersonal drama is a potent concoction. Cuphead for $15 ($5 off): You may get frustrated with this game because it's hard. But it's hand-drawn and looks absolutely gorgeous, making it well worth the time and effort. Play it co-op with your quarantine bubble. Luigi's Mansion 3 Digital for $40 ($20 off): The season for scares has passed, but Luigi's Mansion 3 is still a great buy for anyone looking for low-key spooky vibes this winter season. Or anyone really into slime people. Hollow Knight for $8 ($8 off): This game casts you as a bug-person with a nail for a sword. Explore Hallownest, a fallen civilization filled with monstrous enemies and friendly faces that need your help. This deal is also available at GameStop. Civilization VI for $10 ($10 off): The latest Civilization arrived on the Switch last year and it runs relatively well. Start a settlement, expand your kingdom, and take over the world! Just avoid getting on Gandhi's bad side. Anker USB-C 20,000-mAh Power Bank for $50 ($10 off): Is your Switch often running out of juice when it's out of the dock? This power bank is powerful enough to recharge it while you play, so you don't have to take a break. Nintendo Switch Pro Controller for $60 ($10 off): It's a small deal, but this is one of the best game controllers, period. If you're often playing your Switch in docked mode on the TV, you need to get this controller. It recharges via USB-C, pairs wirelessly, and lasts a long time. Nintendo eShop $100 Gift Card for $89 ($10 off): If you don't know exactly which games you want to check out or if none of the Switch games on offer are to your taste, it never hurts to get a gift card and wait till something you want is on sale. PlayStation 4/5 Deals Photograph: Sony
Whether you have a PS4 or PS5, there are tons of killer games on sale for both consoles. Sony PlayStation 5 for $399+ : This is not a deal, but it is a popular new console. It's near impossible to find in stock though. Read our review for our impressions on Sony's latest, and if you're shopping for a new PlayStation, we don't recommend buying the older PS4 Pro. The discounts aren't steep enough; you may as well save up for the newer models as they'll last much longer. There are two PS5 models available—one with a disc drive and one that can only play digital games. We think it's worth shelling out for the former. The Last of Us Part II for $25 ($35 off)—Clip the Coupon: One thing Sony has always had in its corner is a deep reservoir of exclusive titles like The Last of Us and its sequel The Last of Us II. While this game is certainly divisive, it's gorgeous and lavishly detailed, if super violent and occasionally hard to watch. Ghost of Tsushima for $34 ($26 off)—Clip the Coupon: The best way to while away the hours during this pandemic is with a good old-fashioned open-world game you can sink into. Ghost of Tsushima takes you through the first Mongol invasion of Japan and puts you in the shoes of an intrepid (if a bit anachronistic) samurai on a quest to save Japan. Until Dawn for $10 ($10 off): It's hardly a new game, but it's one of my favorites, and I will sing its praises for the rest of the foreseeable future. Until Dawn is a campy horror movie choose-your-own-adventure that follows the exploits of a group of teens stranded at an icy mountain chalet who find themselves being hunted by a mysterious killer. What's not to like? Death Stranding for $20 ($20 off) : Hideo Kojima is a weird dude. Death Stranding, the 2019 title from the acclaimed director, is a weird game. But it's fascinating and hard to put down once you start. You play as Sam, a deliveryman in a post-apocalyptic world ravaged by angry, hungry ghost-monsters. Most of your time will be spent figuring out clever ways through difficult terrain, and it's absolutely enthralling. Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice for $25 ($35 off): From Software's games are not often for the faint of heart, and Sekiro is more punishing than most. But it is an undeniably beautiful, tense, and well-crafted game. If you're looking for a challenge (and you're not daunted by the difficulty of games like Bloodborne and Dark Souls), it's a great pick. The Outer Worlds for $24 ($36 off): This sci-fi role-player is a laborious game chock-full of side quests. That may or may not be a good thing depending on the player. But it's witty, with an excellent (anti-capitalist) narrative design. Read our review for more. Final Fantasy VII Remake for $30 ($30 off): It's the first part of a planned series, but this completely re-imagined version of the PlayStation classic, Final Fantasy VII is worth checking out, even if you never played the original. It's fresh, fun, and features lavish visuals. Xbox One/Series X Deals Photograph: Square Enix
The new Xbox Series X boasts powerful hardware to make the most of next-gen games and improve the performance and graphics of select previous-gen games, many of which are on sale. Microsoft Xbox Series X and Series S for $300+ : This is not a deal, but like the PlayStation 5, it's a popular purchase this holiday season. It's similarly tough to find. Our review has all the details about this console if you want to learn more. It's tough to find the previous Xbox One X at a worthwhile price, so we recommend sticking to the newer versions, which will last for years to come. Xbox Store Gift Card for $90 ($10 off): Whether you're looking to fill out your collection of Xbox games, or save up some gift card cash for upcoming Series X games, this gift card is a solid deal. Xbox Wireless Controller for $40 ($20 off): This deal shows up in-cart. It may also be available at Amazon. Some colors have the sale price, others don't. It's compatible with Xbox One X, Xbox One S, Xbox One, and Windows 10. Doom Eternal for $20 ($40 off): Who hasn't wanted to rip and tear their way through demonic legions in literal hell while clad in super-powered space armor? Well, now you can, in the follow-up to the wildly successful Doom reboot. It's just as satisfying as the original, but it is admittedly a more-of-the-same situation. Thankfully, the gameplay served up in the first game is strong enough to hold up a sequel. Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order for $25 ($35 off) : We're not getting a new Star Wars movie this holiday season (at least we have Baby Yoda), but you can still get your fix by taking on the role of a Jedi padawan as he searches the galaxy for the remnants of an ancient civilization. Also, lightsaber fights. You get to do a lot of lightsaber fights. Marvel's Avengers for $27 ($35 off) : We're not getting a new Avengers movie this holiday season either, but Marvel's Avengers is an OK stand-in. Seriously, it's just OK. But at this price, it might be worth diving into if you want to smash things with Thor's hammer. Sunset Overdrive for $5 ($15 off): You get an excellent movement system and creative combat options in this game from the makers of Marvel's Spider-Man. Sunset City is an open world you can traverse through, and you'll have a blast doing just that. Halo: The Master Chief Collection for $26 ($14 off): Never played a Halo game before? Now's the time to dive into this remastered set that includes six titles, from the first Combat Evolved to Halo Reach. Accessory and PC Deals Photograph: Amazon
Game consoles and gaming PCs are only part of the hardware equation; the right accessories can turn an everyday gaming experience into an immersive and cinematic adventure. Check out our Gamepad, Headset, and PS4 Accessory roundups for more suggestions. Roccat Vulcan 120 Aimo Wired Mechanical Keyboard for $110 ($50 off): This mechanical keyboard is in our Best Keyboards guide. You can see the switches on each key; they're illuminated by customizable RGB lighting. The switches are responsive, tactile, and loud, plus a palm rest is included. Samsung 1-TB 860 EVO 2.5-Inch SATA III SSD for $100 ($100 off): Samsung drives are generally fast and reliable, and this price is the best we’ve seen all year. The deal is matched at Best Buy and B&H. Western Digital Easystore 5-TB External Hard Drive for $90 ($40 off): This price matches the best deal we've seen on this hard drive all year. External drives are especially nice to have on hand if you need to free up space in your Xbox or PlayStation. You'll need to log into your Best Buy account to see this member pricing (it's free to join if you don't have an account). SanDisk 128-GB MicroSD Card for $15 ($5 off): This is a cheap and easy way to add more storage to your Switch if you have a lot of games installed and are running out of space. It's Class 10, which means it has snappy read/write speeds. Roccat Kain 120 AIMO for $30 ($40 off): This is one of the best gaming mice, especially if you want a tactile experience each time you click. There are four buttons, a clickable scroll wheel, and DPI adjustment options. This is the best price we’ve seen for it. HyperX Pulsefire Surge Wired Mouse for $46 ($8 off): This is another all-around capable mouse in our Best Mouse Guide. Writer Jess Grey says it has a comfortable chassis, it's responsive, and there are customizable RGB lights if you're into that sort of thing. The Sims 4 for $5 ($35 off) + DLC Deals: This game is great, but the add-ons can get expensive quickly. Almost every extra pack is on sale and the base game is just $5. Read our guide to the Best Sims 4 Add-Ons if you don't know which to get. Audioengine A1 Stereo Speakers for $159 ($40 off): If you want to blast some tunes in between Valhalla raiding sessions, these are an exceptional pair that delivers much better sound than most other PC speakers. They're wireless so there's no need to fuss with cords, but if you'd rather plug in, it comes with a cable. Cyber Monday Retailer Pages Here are some of the other major sales going on right now. Amazon Target Walmart Best Buy B&H Home Depot Kohl's Newegg More Great WIRED Stories ? Want the latest on tech, science, and more? Sign up for our newsletters! Google Photos storage is changing. Here are your best options A Navy SEAL, a drone, and a quest to save lives in combat There’s something super weird about Netflix anime The history of poop is really the history of technology Thinking about holiday parties? Look at this troubling map ? WIRED Games: Get the latest tips, reviews, and more ? Things not sounding right? Check out our favorite wireless headphones, soundbars, and Bluetooth speakers
