The best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC
There's so much more than just Vermintide
What are the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2? Having a group of friends alongside you can make even bad games bearable, so when a game is great in the first place, you can end up with something truly memorable. Co-op is one thing, but there’s a certain elusive subgenre – arguably codified by Valve’s 2008 shooter Left 4 Dead – that just scratches an itch other co-operative games can’t. Usually featuring teams of up to four players, complimentary classes with varied abilities and skill trees, and sporadic hordes of some horror or other trying to ruin your day, these games all share similar DNA. ‘Left-likes’, ‘Dead-likes’, and ‘4-likes’ are three descriptors literally no-one has ever used before and will never use again because they’re all terrible, but you probably get what we’re talking about by now. If you’ve had your fill of genre mainstays, it can be hard to find others to scratch the itch, but we’ve got your itchy back, like a giant back-scratcher made of words. So, choose your classes, your loadouts, your flavour of horde, and, for goodness sake, do your best to keep your medic alive. Here’s our picks for the very best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC. Best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 Here are the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC: Deep Rock Galactic Hunt: Showdown Killing Floor 2 Left 4 Dead 2 Vermintide 2 Payday 2 Gunfire Reborn Deep Rock Galactic Landing somewhere between the co-operative teamwork of Left 4 Dead and Payday 2, and the fully-destructible environments of Minecraft, Deep Rock Galactic sees you and up to three friends playing as (and savour this sentence, as it doesn’t come up every day) mining space dwarves. Each mission has you delve deep into subterranean caves rife with hostile alien flora and fauna, and it’s up to your team to mine precious minerals and complete objectives, before performing a tense and dangerous exfiltration. The more dwarves that make it out alive, the greater the rewards, which you can then spend on character and equipment upgrades. It’s hard to pin down exactly what makes Deep Rock Galactic so special, as it’s very much more than the sum of its parts. Four wildly different, complimentary classes with a minecart full of different upgrades means tons of variety, but there’s a level of detail, polish, and imagination poured into every facet. There’s also a bar you can drink and dance in between missions. Did we mention space dwarves? Hunt: Showdown Hunt: Showdown is somewhat of a wild card in this list, but that’s by design. It’s hard to pin it down with other games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2, simply because there aren’t any other games exactly like Hunt: Showdown out there. Combining PvP, PvE, PvPvE, and various other, steadily-more complex acronyms, Hunt: Showdown’s darkly atmospheric matches are something truly original. Combining an unsettling Wild West aesthetic with nightmarish creatures, Hunt: Showdown feels like a Nick Cave concept album about giant, face-eating spiders. Everything is coated in a thick sheen of grime and rust, and the tension leading to an encounter with other players is often much, much longer than the actual gunfights themselves. Traps, noise, and even stray gunshots all play a part into success or failure, injecting each careful footstep taken through its vast maps with an ever-present tension. Killing Floor 2 Combining the bastard-big zombie hordes of Left 4 Dead with the bastard-big guns of Payday 2, Killing Floor 2 is a raucous co-op rampage that knows what it is, and what it is a game about killing wave after wave of horrifically mutated flesh-guzzlers, preferably before they guzzle your flesh. Since the FPS game launched in 2016, it’s seen a bewildering array of updates and DLC, which may mean new players have a confusing time knowing where to begin. The core gameplay loop is, at its heart, still just compulsive, gory fun, so don’t worry all too much about whether you need to pick up every single expansion. Left 4 Dead 2 Rogue. Dark Souls. Doom. There aren’t many titles that can lay claim to having spawned an entire genre. Though there might not be an official name for its co-op shooter sons, we reckon Left 4 Dead deserves a place of pride among those hallowed titles. Left 4 Dead 2 perfected the original’s formula, offering reams of AI-directed tension to keep teams of players on their toes. It’s not just another zombie game. For many, it’s the zombie game. It’s a classic for good reason – those old maps still hold up – but that hasn’t stopped new content being released as a free Left 4 Dead update. Vermintide 2 Let’s get this out of the way: Skaven are adorable, and deserve to inherit the earth. However, since just letting our noble rat overlords take over the planet wouldn’t make for an especially interesting setup for a game, the next best thing is Vermintide 2. A melee and magic co-op blast, and the absolute pinnacle of ratmashers everywhere. Related: The best sword games on PC Taking close inspiration from genre grandaddy Left 4 Dead (shamelessly, it even copied the number in the title), Vermintide 2 lets you and up to three friends team up to battle against the combined forces of Skaven and Chaos. Players put off by the concept of first-person melee needn’t worry – Vermintide’s block, slash, and strafe combat is precise and satisfying. There’s also bows, crossbows, and pistols, for those who prefer to hang back and watch their teammates get devoured. Thanks, team! Payday 2 If there’s one thing cooler than doing crimes, it’s doing crimes in colourful masks surrounded by friends, and that’s Payday 2 in a nutshell. The core here is the same objective-based co-op as Left 4 Dead, but instead of fighting off waves of zombos, you’ll be committing some of the coolest crimes out there – from kidnapping jobs to robbing banks. Featuring dynamic scenarios with procedural elements, specialised character classes that excel in specific jobs, and tons of guns and equipment to customise your loadout, Payday has maintained a dedicated following since its release all the way back in 2013. This means newer or solo players should have no problem finding plenty of crime buddies to team up with. Gunfire Reborn While games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 set their co-op action in bespoke levels, Gunfire Reborn embraces the roguelite chaos of procedural generation, from its levels to its weapon drops. It’s co-op with up to three friends, and you can utilise a selection of hero-classes to take on your foes with a selection of colourful, zany weapons and abilities. Though still in early access at the time of writing, Gunfire Reborn has already amassed a sizable following of fans. This might be down to the fact you get to choose between playing as an alchemist cat, a canine explosives expert, and a martial arts parrot. It might just be because it’s a damn fun co-op shooter, with tons of customisation and upgrade options. There’s a panda in there somewhere, too. So, that’s the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC. If you’re hungry for some more undead action, don’t forget to check out our list of the best zombie games. For more fun with friends, here’s the best co-op games. And here’s the best FPS games, if you’re not too fussy about what you shoot, as long as you get to shoot something.
The best games like Fall Guys on PC
All the chaotic party game action you could ever want
Looking for some games like Fall Guys? Fall Guys is surely the brightest, bounciest battle royale game we’ve ever failed repeatedly at – although we have failed at a lot of battle royale games. After many gleeful hours toddling around, giving friendly hugs to your fellow beans, and being punted into the air at breakneck speed by Big Yeetus, you may be wondering what other fun, yet competitive party games you can pick up and play with friends or family. Well, wonder no more, my wobbly friend. While you won’t find Fall Guys’ colourful blend of chaotic, multiplayer lobbies and gameshow-esque obstacle courses anywhere else, there are certainly many more games with a similar playful appeal and casual approach to limb physics. Though you certainly could practice enough to defeat everyone you play against, these games are all about starting you off on an even playing field, and leaning heavily on general bedlam, so that anyone and everyone can be in with a chance of winning – but just like Fall Guys, these party games are tons of fun, even if you lose horribly. The best games like Fall Guys Pummel Party Gang Beasts Human: Fall Flat Overcooked! 2 Havocado Among Us Pummel Party Pummel Party has a lot in common with the Mario Party series, gameplay-wise – although its over-the-top violence isn’t quite as family-friendly as Princess Peach and pals. As your party of up to eight players make their way across a perilous game board, you’ll pick up weapons and powerups to utterly annihilate one another. If you’re the type of Fall Guys player to troll your friends with strategically deployed hugs, you’ll certainly enjoy deploying rage-inducing methods of murdering your buds seconds before they make it to their goal. Pummel Party has even more minigames than Fall Guys; while there’s some measure of skill involved, you can easily fall foul of bad luck and be unfairly teamed up on – try not to take it too seriously, as repeated losses can be seriously rage-inducing. Gang Beasts Much like Fall Guys, Gang Beasts is a technicolour party game featuring gelatinous creatures wobbling around with minimal control over their limbs – trying to get your character to move how you want them to is all part of the fun. The Gang Beasts of Beef City – to give them their proper title – are far more violent than their plump Fall Guys cousins, peppering each other with punches in order to be the last one standing. Setting up the punchline: The best fighting games on PC It’s a fun beat ‘em up, with several multiplayer stages to choose from, each with their own hilarious ways to sabotage your friends and throw them off the side – though they may well take you down with them. Human: Fall Flat Like the previous games we’ve mentioned, Human: Fall Flat plays fast and loose with human movement mechanics, to ensure the years you spent refining your skills in multiplayer games are effectively useless. You and your party will each steer a Human through one of the myriad dreamscapes on offer, puzzling your way through together as you figure out how to get to the end when you have all the grace and agility of bag of flour. It can be played solo, but once you add more Humans to the mix, the platform game plays totally differently – for better or for worse – as you create increasingly complex chains of doughy humans to scale obstacles. Regular updates add new levels that provide brand new challenges, and there’s plenty of user-generated content on the Steam Workshop for you to explore. Overcooked! 2 One of the most notoriously stressful co-op games in existence, Overcooked! 2 is perfect for groups of up to four friends who are very patient, slow to anger, and aren’t inclined to blame other people for their own mistakes. Alternatively, you can rage out and threaten to throw your fellow cooks straight in the bin, next to the sushi they ruined. You play as an overworked chef, in a race against time to serve hungry customers the correct meal. You’ll need to manage a staggering number of time sensitive demands through the power of teamwork. Managed to refine your kitchen workflow down to a science? Good for you – now try it in a kitchen on a slippery iceberg. Now do it in the dark. Now do it in hell. Cooking games don’t typically involve those locations, and that’s why we love Overcooked! 2 so much. Havocado Havocado is another ragdoll physics-based beat-’em-up indie game – but what sets it apart from the rest is the huge arsenal of hilariously inventive weapons and vehicles you can use to blow up your buddies. You’ll be cavorting around the level, using jetpacks, rockets, grenades, and even an eel gun. It shoots out big slippery yellow eels that fizzle like electric bananas. Need we say more? There are several maps to choose from, including some secret levels you’ll need to unlock. It’s great fun for players of all ages, but you’ll need to bring your own squad as servers aren’t particularly populated. Among Us Many comparisons have been drawn between the beanlike protagonists of Fall Guys and the stubby spacemen of Among Us – though apparently the skeleton of a Fall Guy is uniquely horrifying, unlike Among Us’ impostors, they don’t tend to exhibit any murderous tendencies. As far as we know. Among Us is a social deduction game in which groups of up to ten friends attempt to patch up an outpost by completing a series of small repair tasks. However, up to three of them are impostors, who can sabotage the crewmates’ noble efforts in various ways – and also stab them to death. When an emergency meeting is called, or a body is reported, the crewmates can choose a suspect to eject from the station, so as we explain in our Among Us imposter guide, traitors must avoid suspicion at all costs. For the good guys, our Among Us crewmate guide will teach you how to become the ultimate detective. Those are the best games like Fall Guys we know of, but we’ll keep you updated with any new party games that stumble onto PC – in the meantime, time to refine your majestic dives and tighten your grabs in preparation for the Fall Guys Season 2 release date.
