The best games like Fallout on PC
Our favourite picks from the vault
What are some games like Fallout? Since its creation by Interplay Entertainment way back in 1997, all the way through to the ever-changing West Virginia wasteland of Fallout 76, the Fallout series has emitted a nuclear-bright glow at the forefront of RPGs. Tracking their history is like a lesson in the evolution of the computer RPG itself, from the tabletop-inspired originals to Bethesda’s live-service, always-online latest. Players are drawn to the series for such different reasons – and the later titles have embraced so many diverse systems – that it’s difficult to pin down something that quite scratches the same irradiated itch. Some fans love roleplaying. Others, exploring a post-apocalyptic landscape. Some, the emergent gameplay chaos, and others, the building, crafting, and community aspects. Whatever the reason you first fell in love with Fallout, we’ve put together a list of games we think you’ll dig while you’re waiting patiently for news of Fallout 5. From the classic RPG games revival of Divinity Original Sin 2, to the gloomy post-apocalypse of the Metro series, here’s the best games like Fallout for PC. The best games like Fallout for PC are: Wasteland 3 Divinity Original Sin 2 The Outer Worlds Disco Elysium Metro 2033 Bioshock Skyrim Wasteland 3 The latest entry in the franchise that started it all, Wasteland 3 is a mammoth, deeply reactive tactical RPG set in the post-apocalyptic U.S. The series isn’t just like Fallout – it’s effectively the blueprint for Fallout. While no less comical than its nuclear cousin, it generally opts for a grittier, more incisively socio-political tone than Fallout’s broad parodies. Read more: Miserable apocalypse games to wallow in Wasteland 2 brought back the series in a big way, but Wasteland 3 is bigger and more confident, finding its feet with its newly built fanbase. Fallout may have the Brotherhood of Steel, but Wasteland has massive steel spiders. Divinity Original Sin 2 We’ve seen many reverent homages to classic CRPG’s in recent years, but Divinity Original 2 stands out as the most forward-thinking. While developer Larian’s love for isometric classics like Fallout and Baldur’s Gate is on full display here, DOS 2 doesn’t constrain itself to simply replicating the same formula. The result is magical. Memorable characters and engaging, witty storytelling join loads of lovely systemic reactivity both inside and out of its challenging turn-based combat. Combat arenas can be transformed with elemental powers and abilities, and environmental features can become your greatest allies – or most troublesome foes. All this, combined with deep character creation and co-op multiplayer make this a worthy successor to OG Fallout’s legacy. The Outer Worlds Late stage capitalism can have ridiculous, soul-destroying effects on the world. While we don’t always need art to remind us of this – and while not all political art needs to be too on-the-nose – sometimes it’s nice to raise a big ol’ middle finger to worker exploitation and conspicuous consumption. We’re sorry, Tim Curry, but it turns out that capitalism got space now, too. Luckily, at least it brought with it an expansive open-world RPG with nods to beloved Obsidian gems, such as Fallout: New Vegas. The skill systems, story choices, and sci-fi environments are all noteworthy, but what really shines here is the character writing. Obsidian doesn’t let the satire get in the way of populating the Outer Worlds’ planets with believable, interesting, human characters. Disco Elysium Disco Elysium is one of gaming’s few true originals. Both fever-dream like in its narcotic haze and strikingly down-to-earth in its preference for folk cadence over fantasy tropes. This CRPG is every 4am house party conversation you’ve ever had, replayed with dice rolls and stat sheets. The only difference is that it’s actually as creative, thought-provoking, charismatic, and wild as all those White Claws only made you think you were. Fans of Fallout 1&2 will feel at home in the tangled branches of extensive dialogue trees that (gasp!) actually have the chutzpah to lock you out of certain story moments or choices, depending on your character build and decisions up to that point. It stands out from other RPG games by being bitingly funny, too. Metro 2033 If you’re looking for something that captures the expansive bleakness and FPS systems of Bethesda’s Fallout titles, but within a more focused framework, it’s hard to go wrong with the post-apocalyptic Metro series. While Metro: Last Light has some solid ideas, and Metro: Exodus is beautiful and ambitious, neither of them quite capture the claustrophobic terror of Metro 2033. More: The best survival games on PC Metro sees Fallout’s molerats, and raises it the stakes with bat-faced, pack-hunting Watchmen. It sees Fallout’s radscorpion, and drops a chonking mutant gorilla on top of it. Owing as much to survival horror games as FPS, Metro 2033 is a tense, subterranean journey that makes every individual bullet feel precious. Don’t forget to check out the S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Pathologic series, plus Mutant Year Zero, for similar Tarkovsky-inspired post-apocalyptic survival. Bioshock If you’re all about the creepy 50’s, picket-fence satire of the original Fallouts, then you’ll likely have a swell time jitterbugging your way down to Bioshock’s deep-sea dystopia to give a few of its inhabitants a knuckle sandwich. Bioshock was always about exploration and atmosphere first, gunplay second, so while the combat can feel a little wooden these days compared to other FPS games, there’s still very few game settings as well realised as Rapture. Come for the parties, stay for the option to shoot bees at people. Skyrim You know that gag people always make when a game is massive? “Here’s this small indie game hur hur.” We won’t do that. We know that you’ve heard of Skyrim, because you can probably run it on your cat’s electronic collar, your Fitbit, and that old pair of light-up trainers at the back of your wardrobe. If you needed reminding for any reason, though: Skyrim is the open-world RPG fantasy sibling to Bethesda’s Fallout open-world games. So, there’s our picks for the best games like Fallout. If you’re in the mood for some recent Fallout-flavoured indie games, and love that isometric style, don’t overlook the likes of Atom RPG, Encased, or UnderRail, either.
The best fantasy games on PC
Escape to another world with our list of the best fantasy games on PC
There's nothing quite like escaping into another world, immersing yourself in its history and people, and getting to grips with your new virtual life. Fantasy games are especially good at offering these sorts of experiences, but the genre is so packed with great adventures that it can be hard to pinpoint where exactly to place your attention. Luckily for you, we've put together this list of the best fantasy games on PC. As always, we want to highlight a varied selection of titles, from mammoth RPGs to 2D action-platformers. There's even a sports game in the mix this time around. And please don't worry if we've missed your favourite fantasy game – there's every chance that it could be added at a later time. So, whether you're looking to slay some dragons in a sprawling open world or try something a little stranger, we've got you covered with our list of the best fantasy games on PC. All you need is a sense of adventure and the patience for copious amounts of lore. Let's go! Best fantasy games on PC Here are the best fantasy games on PC: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Outward The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Dragon Age 2 Genshin Impact Pyre Pillars of Eternity Hollow Knight Genshin Impact The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Outward The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Dragon Age 2 Pyre Pillars of Eternity Hollow Knight Genshin Impact For many, Genshin Impact has been a wild introduction to the world of gacha games. It’s a great place to start, honestly, and few of the best free PC games can claim to offer such a wealth of enjoyable missions, likeable characters, and sumptuous visuals for the price of nowt. New update: Find out how to raise your Genshin Impact reputation The writing can be a bit hit-or-miss, but even if Paimon gets on your nerves, there’ll always be something to keep you playing, whether that be the promise of cool new loot, a fresh character, or another gorgeous sandbox area to explore. Play Genshin Impact for free The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt With all the hype now years behind us, it’s plain to see that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has gone down as one of the best PC games of all time. Its expansive fantasy world has no shortage of deeply human interactions and tales of woe, joy, and everything in between. Ultimately, it’s this intense focus on storytelling – both epic and decidedly mundane – that gives it such an endearing spirit. Mod it: Check out the best Witcher 3 mods As a fantasy game, it’s arguably at the height of its powers during the Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine DLC quest lines. Here you’ll find plenty of creative twists on age-old fantasy yarns, with the latter even featuring a fully-explorable ‘Land of a Thousand Fables’. After Geralt’s adventure has come to a close and you’ve spent dozens of hours in good company, you’ll doubtlessly leave The Witcher 3 with a lump in your throat and more than a tale or two of your own to tell. Outward Outward absolutely nails the sensation of embarking on a long, challenging, and potentially life-threatening adventure. It can at times feel like there are multiple steps in the way of achieving the simplest of tasks, from prepping your backpack to planning your route. But rather than bore you to tears, what this does is shift the focus to the journey itself and grant your every decision a greater sense of importance. Related: The best open-world games on PC A rushed plan will always end in disaster, so you must think everything through and be sure that any trip beyond the city walls will be worth your time and effort. The smallest of victories therefore become a cause for celebration, and the slow realisation that you’ve eked out a decent life for yourself in an impossibly harsh world is oddly comforting. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Skyrim has been picked apart, written about, and played more than perhaps any other game on this list – and for good reason. It’s easily Bethesda’s most approachable modern RPG, offering hundreds of hours of popcorn fantasy and adventuring, and there’s still an undeniable charm to just wandering its world, engaging with its enjoyably awkward NPCs, and ignoring your destiny to steal some sweetrolls or ‘Fus Ro Dah’ a bandit off a cliff. It certainly helps that the game’s modding scene is still going strong, with many of the best Skyrim mods being just a quick download away. Dragon Age 2 Dragon Age 2 is grossly underappreciated (I really must point out that both Dragon Age: Origins and Inquisition are better). By rejecting the ‘bigger is better’ mantra of AAA gaming sequels, it’s able to offer the series’ most focused, compelling drama and cast. The city of Kirkwall is packed full of intriguing tales and memorable characters struggling to live their lives among an escalating feud that threatens to destroy all in its wake. Check out: The best dragon games on PC Despite these life-or-death stakes, the game’s key conflicts retain a certain intimacy and immediacy. The enemy, whoever you feel it may be, is already in the city walls before you’ve even rocked up to the party, and there’s a troubling sense that your hard-fought victories are only delaying the inevitable. Sure, the recycled maps and other signs of a tight development turnaround are still present ten years on, but – as was true on release – the good far outweighs the bad. Pyre What a strange, resonant, and unforgettable game Pyre is. Supergiant’s tale of trapped exiles attempting to return home by succeeding in sport-like ‘rites’ is as sad as it is uplifting. Your journey through the Downside sees you befriending the unlikeliest of heroes, and the hardships shared by you, your party, and even your rivals have the effect of bringing everyone together and complicating every emotion felt. Get competitive: With our list of the best football games on PC Pyre’s world-building and branching narrative might be its major hooks, but the rites themselves are still a joy to play, and their surprising complexity becomes apparent as you progress or bump up the difficulty. Basically, the game doesn’t put a foot wrong. Pillars of Eternity Pillars of Eternity is a smart RPG set in a grim fantasy land where your choices actually carry weight. Despite its obvious old-school appeal, it still bears its own personality and sense of history. Plus, it knows exactly what to take from its inspirations and what to update. Obsidian’s approach should work well for fresh-eyed players and those who’ve spent a silly amount of time in the world of Neverwinter Nights, Baldur’s Gate, or Planescape: Torment. Its seafaring successor, Pillars of Eternity 2: Deadfire, is equally worthy of your attention. Hollow Knight Hollow Knight is one of the most generous fantasy games you could hope to find on PC. It’s a 2D action-platformer set in a strange land of giant bugs and underground civilisations. Your goal is to navigate and gradually map out your treacherous surroundings while taking down a series of tricky bosses. Its open nature and countless well-hidden secrets make exploration a delight, and just as you think the game is drawing to a close or running out of steam, it presents some new idea or challenge to reinvigorate its action in a big way. There’s an incredible amount to see here, and it’s all worthwhile. And there you have it – the best fantasy games on PC. If you’re still on the hunt for something to play, perhaps our lists of the best sword games, best roguelike games, and best RPG games might help narrow your search.
