The best PS4 racing games, from cutesy karting to F1 realism
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Kart Komparison! Which cute racing game offers the most?
Blur: preview and Bizarre Creations interview
The 20 best games to play with your kids
Team Sonic Racing review: fast-paced family fun
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
There are some great racing games you can buy on the PS4 right now...
Fans of racing games are pretty spoilt these days. Each new year brings more great games, and each one brings with it realistic experiences and a wider selection of cars and tracks. The line-up is impressive, particularly on PS4. Games like GT Sport, Project Cars 2 and Assetto Corsa bring with them unbelievable levels of detail and realism – the water and lighting effects, car details, and incredible physics engines, will make you forget you’re sat on your sofa. Of course, there are still games for more casual racing fans too. Whether you love cartoonish carts or realistic road-racers, there’s a racing game for you. But how do you choose which to buy? Many racing games can, on the surface, seem rather similar, and everybody wants something slightly different from a game. To help you make a choice, here’s a list of some of the best racing games from the last few years that you can play on PS4… Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled Let’s start with a classic karting option: the Crash Team Racing franchise came to PS4 in 2019, with the new Nitro-Fueled game bringing together classic tracks from 1999’s original game, 2003’s Crash Nitro Kart and 2005’s Crash Tag Team Racing.
Although even the ‘medium’ difficulty level has proven to be quite hard (as we spoke about in our otherwise-glowing review), this is a really fun experience with heaps of tracks to try and extra bits to unlock. New tracks have been added since the launch, as well, alongside on-going Grand Prix events that give Nitro-Fueled some extra replayability. Get Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled on Amazon for £26.70 GT Sport Gran Turismo is probably the most popular racing game ever, and after a four-year wait, it found its way to the PS4 in 2017. Featuring 162 cars and 27 track layouts in total, it offers roughly the same amount of content as games like Project Cars 2, or Assetto Corsa – on paper that is. In practice, GT Sport gives you one of the most immersive racing experiences ever created, with pristine graphics, exclusive concept cars and a very well supported eSports mode, too. We need to mention it’s also available on PlayStation VR too, for an even more immersive experience! If you like racing games, you’ll want to buy this – it’s just a shame there are no classic cars. Get GT Sport on Amazon for £20.98 Project Cars 2
Project Cars 2 might not have the support or resources of some other racers, but it’s the best game around for car enthusiasts. Although it features a similar amount of racers to GT Sport, Project Cars 2 covers much bigger distances. There are classics from the 90s, 80s and 70s here, from iconic road cars to some of the most famous racing cars ever to grace a track.
It’s not perfect, but for a car or racing enthusiast who really knows their stuff, Project Cars 2’s varied garage and granular detail are hard to beat. Get Project Cars 2 on Amazon for £16.40 Join our mailing list Get the best of Den of Geek delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe Team Sonic Racing Sonic’s previous karting games may not be as universally beloved as Crash and Mario’s ones, but Team Sonic Racing made admirable moves to add something unique to this racing game subgenre. As we spoke about in our review, this game is based around teamwork. Although you can partake in solo races, the main draw here is working together in teams of three (either in person or online) to try and engineer a multi-pronged success. You can share items with your teammates and gain speed bosts by driving in their slipstreams, all the while charging up a ‘Team Ultimate’ bar that allows your whole crew to become invincible and extra-speedy for a short period of time. The story is a little thin, but in terms of gameplay, this is a neat alternative view of what a racing game can be. Get Team Sonic Racing on Amazon for £29.99 DiRT 4
DiRT 4‘s graphics are gorgeous, with day and night stages looking almost photorealistic at points, and there’s so much content on offer this time around, too. If you want to play online, bash into cones, or just mess around in RallyCross races, you’ll find a mode in Dirt 4 that lets you do it – and the handling is also amazing.
In simulation mode, keeping your car on the track is tricky, challenging, and extremely rewarding when you get it right – but an arcade mode keeps things exciting and enjoyable for more arcade-focused gamers, too. If you don’t like rallying yet, you certainly will after buying DiRT 4. Get DiRT 4 on Amazon for £21.95 Assetto Corsa If you’re a fan of racing sims, Assetto Corsa is a must-have. Following months of delays on PS4 and Xbox One, the PC racer’s favourite finally made its way to the console in 2016 – and it’s one of the most realistic racing games of all time. There’s a great range of cars and tracks to drive, and loads of DLC has been released to bolster the experience. Multiplayer on Assetto Corsa is by no means perfect, and the graphics don’t look as pretty as some games now, but overall it remains a great racing sim. Get Assetto Corsa on Amazon for £29.09 DiRT Rally
DiRT 4 might have eclipsed it, but DiRT Rally is still a great game. With a steering wheel and shifter, this game offers one of the most immersive driving experiences out there, and it even has an optional PSVR DLC for virtual driving.
It might not have the full licensing of the official WRC game, but with such good handling and attention to detail, it’s hard to complain. And if you can afford to splurge for a newer game, it’s also well worth checking out DiRT Rally 2.0. (You can read our preview of that game here.) Get DiRT Rally on Amazon for £19.10 F1 2018 Every year, Codemasters releases a new Formula 1 game. F1 2018 is one of the best, featuring some great handling, along with all the cars and tracks from that year’s championship. F1 2017 introduced an interesting progression system to cars, but it was improved substantially here. There are far more improvement programs and practices available to help you get better, and an even wider range of classic F1 cars to drive.
Get F1 2018 on Amazon for £34.55
What’s your favourite driving game on PS4? Let us know in the comments below! Or, if you fancy, click away to our list of the best PS4 games for kids…

10 Best PC Games of 2019
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
PC Gaming Innovations That Changed the Way We Play
100 Best Games of the Decade
Free Video Games to Play While You're in Quarantine
Why PC Is Still the Best Gaming Platform
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
From puzzling puzzlers to a classic MMO, these are the best PC games of 2019.
The PC gaming scene has long been known as the home of some of the most innovative and original gaming experiences in the world. The best PC games of 2019 justified that reputation. Due to a relative lack of high-profile releases, many of the best PC games of 2019 came from indie developers and other surprising sources. As a result, the games on this list are truly unique. From detective games that are secretly elaborate psych tests to a puzzle game that plays by its own rules, the best PC titles of the year offered an experiences we didn’t expect but absolutely loved. As an added bonus, you can run most of this year’s best games on even the humblest of gaming PCs. One of them was even first released 15 years ago… Here are 10 of the best PC games of 2019 in alphabetical order:
Baba Is You March 13 | Hempuli Oy Most great puzzle games are defined by a series of rules that help govern the experience. In Baba Is You, though, the rules are anything but defined. Actually, you’re able to change them by simply interacting with a few key blocks in each level that not only change the layout of the level but can alter how you win the game. It sounds strange, and it is. However, the ability to manipulate what can and can’t be done in each level makes Baba Is You is one of the cleverest, most inventive, and downright challenging puzzle games in recent memory. There’s nothing else quite like it. Read More: How to Build a Gaming PC Disco Elysium October 15 | ZA/UM
One part isometric RPG in the style of Baldur’s Gate and one part gritty detective adventure, Disco Elysium combines genres and ideas that we never knew we wanted to see on the same plate. Yet, we can’t help but go back for more.
Disco Elysium‘s “urban fantasy” setting is a compelling enough reason to give this game a look, but the real draw here is Disco Elysium‘s deep RPG mechanics. Not only are the game’s playable characters fully-customizable, but Disco Elysium asks you to determine what kind of cop you’re going to be in this rough world. It may be easy to position yourself as a righteous lawman, but the moral line in this dark universe may be too tough to see. For the intelligent ways it evolves the idea of discovering who you are in a video game through your actions and decisions, Disco Elysium deserves to be experienced. Hades December 2018 Early Access | Supergiant Games Join our mailing list Get the best of Den of Geek delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe Supergiant Games, the studio behind Transistor and Bastion, has always done things a little differently, and Hades is no exception. After all, it’s not every day that you play as the prince of the underworld as he tries to escape to Mt. Olympus with help from the gods. Based largely on feedback its developers received from their other projects, Hades is a brilliant isometric action title that combines the best of role-playing and dungeon crawling. This addictive roguelike will have you carefully considering how you upgrade your character as you work towards the seemingly impossible. It highlights why Supergiant Games is one of the best in the industry when it comes to simple, refined, and ultimately clever PC gaming experiences. Read More: 25 PC Games That Changed History Islanders
April 4 | GrizzlyGames
We all need a break from high octane AAA games once in a while, and Islanders may prove to be one of the best breaks from the same old same old released in 2019. Combining elements of SimCity, Tetris, and other city builders, Islanders gives you a small collection of buildings and has you build the best settlement possible. Be warned that this an almost cruelly addictive game. Islanders masters the art of “easy to learn, tough to master” like few other city builders ever have. Its puzzle-like mechanics ensure nobody feels overwhelmed while its surprisingly deep late game will thrill genre enthusiasts. It’s the kind of game you lose hours to while the more technologically demanding games on your powerful gaming PC go untouched. Risk of Rain 2 March 28 | Hopoo Games The original Risk of Rain is one of the best roguelike games ever made. Defined by its simple looks and accessible action gameplay, developer Hopoo Games took a tremendous…err…risk in converting the game to 3D, but Risk of Rain 2 manages to brilliantly re-imagine the incredible original. Risk of Rain 2 features everything that made the original so notable, including unique characters, skills, and weapons, while addinga third dimension that greatly enhances the fundamental appeal of the original experience. It’s quite simply one of the best multiplayer games of the year and a tragically underrated expansion of the roguelike genre and its many compelling trappings.
Read More: PC Gaming Innovations That Changed the Way We Play
Slay the Spire January 23 | Mega Crit Games This is a bit of a cheat considering that Slay the Spire has been in early access for quite some time, but the game’s official release was in January. As a roguelike deck builder, Slay the Spire is a unique experience. Even if it had more competition, though, we’d have a tough time imagining a game that can equal its brilliant strategy gameplay. Slay the Spire has you maneuver through a series of branching levels as you try to build the best deck of cards possible and defeat all who stand in your way. This insanely addictive game is simply one of the best games on Steam and the type of game you can recommend to anyone who has a few (dozen) hours to burn. Sunless Skies January 31 | Failbetter Games It’s a bit too easy to describe Sunless Skies as a Gothic horror sci-fi version of The Oregon Trail on a massive scale, but that description does a fairly good job of capturing just what makes this game so compelling. Sunless Skies takes what made Sunless Sea such a fascinating take on the role-playing/strategy genre and amplifies nearly all of it.
This is a game of discovery in which you must make some difficult choices and rely on the aid of some potentially unsavory characters in order to have a chance of surviving the horrors that lurk in the skies. Whether you see the best of what the game has to offer depends on how much you’re willing to sacrifice.
Read More: PC Games You Need to Play in 2020 Teamfight Tactics June 2019 | Riot Games 2019 saw the rise of the auto-battler genre, with a few different competing for the top crown. While Hearthstone and DOTA‘s takes on the auto-battler concept are certainly worth your time, it’s the League of Legends-themed Teamfight Tactics that ends up being the best overall example of the genre. Like other auto-battler games, Teamfight Tactics benefits from a simple, yet deep, core gameplay design that sees you draft units and strategically arrange them on a board in order to see if they can beat an opposing army. However, Teamfight Tactics separates itself with a brilliant item system, clever units, and constant updates from Riot Games that have kept the title’s meta fresh as new tactics constantly emerge. They Are Billions June 18 | Numantian Games
Available via Steam’s Early Access program since 2018, They Are Billions finally received its official release this year. Along with the full release comes a new story campaign, new technology, and more. However, the draw of They Are Billions remains the same as it ever was.
With its horde mode-like gameplay and expansive base-building options, They Are Billions is one of the most exciting and addictive real-time strategy titles of the last decade. It forces you to think on your feet while also planning ahead in order to survive some of the most daunting, zombie-filled strategy scenarios imaginable. More often than not, the thrill doesn’t come from “winning” (which many will find to be a nearly impossible prospect) but in finding a way to hold out just a little longer. Read More: The Legacy of World of Warcraft World of Warcraft Classic August 27 | Blizzard World of Warcraft is hardly a new game, and that’s especially true of this Classic edition, restores the game to its original vanilla state and 2004 glory. World of Warcraft Classic was certainly one of the most anticipated games of 2019 and arguably of the last few years. As it turns out, the hype was worth it. Whether you simply long to relive your memories of first playing World of Warcraft or you want to see what the game was like before 15 years’ worth of expansions and updates, WoW Classic shows why World of Warcraft is considered to be one of the best games ever made. More than a nostalgia trip, WoW Classic is an epic adventure that rewards its most dedicated players with a grand-scale RPG that leaves even the largest modern titles feeling thin.
Matthew Byrd is a staff writer for Den of Geek. He spends most of his days trying to pitch deep-dive analytical pieces about Killer Klowns From Outer Space to an increasingly perturbed series of editors. You can read more of his work here or find him on Twitter at @SilverTuna014.
