90. C&C Remastered Collection Released 2020 | Last position New entry (Image credit: EA) Andy K: Collecting the first Command & Conquer and its beloved sequel, Red Alert, this generously priced package is stuffed with some of the finest real-time strategy on PC. The remaster is great, with crisp new visuals and the option to instantly swap back to the old ones at the push of a button. But the real reason to play is the campaigns. Every mission is a satisfying sandbox puzzle to solve, rewarding creative use of the game’s varied selection of units. And the FMV cutscenes are as deliciously silly as ever. Phil: Every year we seem to highlight a different Command & Conquer, because all of them are special in a slightly different way. (In 2018, we picked the brilliant standalone mod Twisted Insurrection, which is still absolutely worth checking out.) But the Remastered Collection feels like a definitive love letter to the series' early days, and one I imagine will be worth celebrating for many years to come. It's worth it just for the Jukebox feature—a great way to celebrate Frank Klepacki's iconic industrial tunes. 89. Legend of Grimrock 2 Released 2014 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Almost Human Games) James: It's not surprising that the most Dark Soulsy game I've played in a while is basically its origin story. First-person dungeon crawlers like FromSoftware's King's Field don't get much play these days because, well, they're a dated pain in the ass to maneuver. Grimrock 2 is a perfect modernization of the genre, a frictionless, massive sprawl of puzzles and demons and dungeons that practically demand a graph paper notebook. But you don't need one because the notebook is baked in. Robin: James’ arguments for the series during our Top 100 deliberations were so convincing I ended up finally trying the first game, after years of thinking the weird grid-based movement would be too awkward for me. I couldn’t have been more wrong—it ended up being one of the best games I’ve played this year. It’s such a focused creation, sharpening that core concept of the dungeon crawl down to a deadly point and then jabbing you every time you think you’ve mastered it. I’ve not dived into the sequel yet, but hearing that it’s even better has me seriously excited. 88. Doom 2 Released 1994 | Last position 78 (Image credit: id Software) Chris: This isn't just nostalgia talking—yes, Doom 2 is an influential classic, but it's still amazingly challenging and intense to play today, and not just as a history lesson. Plus, new Doom 2 mods are turning up on a weekly basis 25 years later. It's the one game you should never uninstall. Phil: Is it cheating to highlight Doom II on the strength of its mod scene when many of its mods these days are technically for the GZDoom source port? It doesn't matter: there's so much great stuff out there, catalogued lovingly each year via Doomworld's annual Cacowards. If you're looking for a personal recommendation, check out Blade of Agony, a standalone mod that answers the question: what if Wolfenstein was a Doom game? 87. Fallout: New Vegas Released 2010 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Bethesda) Robin: Sure, in the harsh light of 2020, New Vegas doesn’t look or play great. It kind of didn’t in 2010 either. But even now it’s absolutely unparalleled when it comes to pure RPG freedom. The sheer amount of choice in who you can be and what you can do is intoxicating. Jody Macgregor: My favorite part of New Vegas is the Old World Blues expansion, which plays up the B-movie side of Fallout with brains in jars and robot scorpions and a cackling mad scientist villain. While the base game focuses on the wasteland cowboy experience, letting you wander Nevada with a lever-action rifle listening to Johnny Guitar, it also nails the 1950s sci-fi side of Fallout. Emma Matthews: I played Fallout: New Vegas just before The Outer Worlds released and it's fair to say that it spoilt me, a little. The sidequests in New Vegas were exciting, opening up narratives that felt genuinely interesting to uncover, whereas The Outer Worlds' quests felt repetitive after a few hours. I wasn't sure if anything could top Fallout 3, but I'd happily hop in and play New Vegas all over again tomorrow. 86. Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun Released 2016 | Last position 84 (Image credit: Daedalic Entertainment) Fraser Brown: Desperados 3 might be larger and more complex, but Shadow Tactics remains Mimimi's best stealth tactics game and a high point for sneaky, murderous romps. It takes the classic Commandos formula, conjures up even more elegant puzzles, refines everything and gives you an adorable tanuki to help with your assassinations. Phil: Stealth games are easier now. MGS5 is a big, wondrous playground. Hitman 2 is a murderous sandbox filled with toys. But Shadow Tactics bucks the trend, and returns us to an era that demanded precision and grace. Your tools are limited in scope, forcing you to engineer the situations that will make them useful. And the patrols you're circumnavigating are fiendishly plotted, ensuring any slip up is punished. But with the quicksave key in hand, it's beyond satisfying to conquer this wilfully old-school top down sneak-'em-up. 85. Homeworld Remastered Collection Released 2015 | Last position 83 (Image credit: Gearbox Publishing) Fraser: No other RTS—heck, few other games—come close to matching Homeworld's incredible style. The art, the soundtrack, the tragic sci-fi yarn—it's so lavish. Even the way the ships move is stirring. It's like watching a cosmic ballet. It's all so impressive that it threatens to overshadow the fact that Homeworld's also a brilliant strategy game with a tricky, persistent campaign and the best space battles around. Tom Senior: Few studios have tried to make a fully 3D RTS, and with good reason. It's hard enough to manage grouped units on a 2D plane; the extra dimension makes it harder to read the battlefield and command your troops. Homeworld's smart UI gives you the information you need so you can focus on outwitting the enemy fleet. 84. Legends of Runeterra Released 2020 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Riot Games) Robin: I love how much of a step forward for online CCG this feels. That applies to the mechanics—where the best bits of Hearthstone and MTG are combined into a tight, strategic back-and-forth—but also to its business model, that does away with randomised packs and, shock horror, just lets you build the decks you want to build. I’m always finding fun new combos I want to try, and thanks to the game’s generosity, I always can. Steven Messner: Agreed. Runeterra is a welcome reprieve from booster pack bullshit. I never thought one of my favorite games of 2020 would be a card game. 83. Elite Dangerous Released 2014 | Last position 82 (Image credit: Frontier Developments) Andy K: This recently became my most played game on Steam, overtaking the likes of The Witcher 3 and even my beloved Euro Truck Simulator 2, which should give you an idea of the impact it can have on a person's free time. I don't so much play Elite as exist entirely within it, living another life in space. It's a worryingly immersive game, whether you're hunting bounties, trading, or just freely exploring its scale replica of the Milky Way. It's grindy and slow-paced, but the feeling of being there, of clawing a living out of a vast galaxy alongside thousands of other players, is a sci-fi dream come true. It's fine with a gamepad, but a flight stick really does take it to the next level. 82. Sunless Skies Released 2019 | Last position 45 (Image credit: Failbetter) Fraser: A very British game about travelling through space on a little locomotive might have been horribly twee in another studio’s hands, but not Failbetter’s. It’s a mad and magical version of Victorian Britain transposed to the cosmos, where Queen Victoria has weird time powers and people live on floating chunks of rock—surprisingly picturesque ones—or massive space plants or steampunk metal behemoths. It makes space properly alien again, filling it with devils who were once bees, plenty of gothic horror and, appropriately, a clockwork sun, all of which could drive your crew insane at any moment—and all these oddities are elevated by some of the best writing around. Robin: Sunless Skies is a game that operates entirely by its own logic - making progress sometimes feels like learning a language, a very particular way of talking about objectives and circumstances. It can be awkward, even frustrating, to get to grips with, but it facilitates a world where loot is as likely to be a life-changing experience as a shiny treasure, and dreams can be earned and traded like currency. From its writing, to its art style, to its mechanics, to its sometimes punishing cruelty, it’s a game that 100% knows what it is and refuses to water that down, and I respect the hell out of that. 81. Crusader Kings 2 Released 2012 | Last position 41 (Image credit: Paradox) Fraser: There's still nothing else quite like Crusader Kings II. There's more soapy drama than an Eastenders Omnibus, and over the years Paradox has fleshed out its already gargantuan strategy RPG through dozens of expansions with changes both bold and granular. You can even dabble in witchcraft now. Its scope is ridiculous. And since all of those expansions came with even larger free updates, the base game hasn't stopped growing. It's also now entirely free. When we wrote this list, though, Crusader Kings III hadn't yet been released—so I expect it to be supplanted next year. Robin: It’s testament to how clever Crusader Kings II is that I love it despite never actually having given much of a hoot about medieval history. On first glance it looks like dry strategy, but it’s anything but—I truly think it does proper role-playing better than any other PC game I’ve played, and I’m a huge RPG nerd. And I love that it actually is educational. I don’t mean in the sense of teaching you the names of kings and nations from the time—you could get that from Wikipedia. By putting you in the shoes of these historical figures, it teaches you why they did the things they did. You understand the driving forces behind medieval politics, because you’re forced to navigate them to survive. I find myself oddly empathising with the seemingly cruel and senseless decisions of rules who lived hundreds of years before I was born. I think that’s fascinating.
80. 80 Days Released 2015 | Last position 77 (Image credit: Inkle) Andy K: In terms of writing, very few games come close to 80 Days. It's one of the finest pieces of interactive fiction on PC, because it roots its superb, unpredictable storytelling in a compelling management loop. You're being told a fun, colourful story about a voyage around the world in a vivid steampunk alternate history, but you're also juggling your budget and keeping your stoic master Phileas Fogg happy. Completing the journey in 80 days is genuinely difficult, but if you fail, it doesn't matter. You can try again, and the story will be totally different. I can't think of a game I've replayed more over the years than this. 79. Hades Released 2018 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Supergiant Games) Jacob: Hades manages to squeeze the fight, rinse, repeat roguelike mechanic into the narrative, and do so in a way that's genuinely entertaining. Each return trip back to Hades' Underworld is a chance to try out a new weapon or upgrade, and that's kept me coming back for more. Both challenging and rewarding, Hades doesn't demand your finest form on every run—so you needn't be petrified of diving back in for another mad dash attempt at escaping the underworld. 78. Sea of Thieves Released 2018 | Last position 67 (Image credit: Rare Ltd, Xbox Game Studios) Wes: Chris put my fish on the stove and left it cooking so long it set our ship on fire. On the Sea of Thieves, we make our own fun. Chris: Well, Wes swung his sword at Tyler who was carrying an explosive barrel, and it killed our entire crew. Still fun! Fraser: It wasn’t very good and now it is. Sea of Thieves is the heartwarming tale of a piratical sandbox eventually getting its sea legs. Rare’s worked hard to nurture it, and for a long time it served as my go-to co-op game. It’s been a wee while since I hit the high seas, but I’m still incredibly fond of it and will inevitably return. I have a crippling addiction to buying pets. Phil: Part of the reason we stopped playing, Fraser, is that we're all sick of your mangy cat. 77. Control Released 2019 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Remedy Entertainment) Robin: The thing that Control absolutely nails is atmosphere. Its weird, conspiratorial world of supernatural bureaucracy is so wonderfully realised—both visually, with creative, brutalist surrealism, and in its world-building, fleshed out through dialogue and text logs that are equal parts hilarious and sinister. Even its vending machines are memorable. Andy K: At first I bounced off Control, hard. Which was a shame, because I love Remedy’s storytelling. The combat was the culprit. I found it overly difficult and quite tiring. But at a certain point, after unlocking a few abilities, it suddenly clicked. Where once I felt underpowered, I felt, well, in control. Suddenly I was looking forward to enemies showing up so I could cause telekinetic chaos. And with that problem handled, I was free to enjoy the story and world, which see Remedy and lead writer Sam Lake operating at the peak of their particular brand of weird. 76. Spelunky Released 2008 | Last position 37 (Image credit: Mossmouth) Emma: Spelunky offers a simple, yet challenging experience that punishes you for the tiniest mistakes. It's unique in that it offers a different experience depending on how far you're willing to explore. You're free to play through it casually, make your way to Olmec's Lair, and finish the game. While this is perfectly satisfying, there are so many hidden areas and special items that can enrich your journey along the way. It also features the cutest pug in any video game, ever. 75. Factorio Released 2016 | Last position 74 (Image credit: Wube Software LTD.) Chris: Survival and crafting games can quickly become a slog of repetitive tasks, but Factorio's hook involves automating those tasks before you get sick of them. And it's something of a thrill to build the machines to do those tasks… and even more thrilling to realize you can build machines to build those machines. Once you've got a few assembly lines running smoothly it's easy to lose yourself in the glorious (and sometimes very messy) expansion of your busy little factories. 74. Warhammer: Vermintide 2 Released 2018 | Last position 73 (Image credit: Fatshark) Robin: This year’s lockdown has really solidified for me how good this game is. Trapped inside, I’ve had way more time for co-op gaming, and I think Vermintide 2 really is the best of the bunch—a worthy successor to Left 4 Dead. Plus it absolutely nails the Warhammer setting, always riding that line between humour and grimdarkness perfectly. Jody: I've been enjoying Deep Rock Galactic and I still think Left 4 Dead 2 is fun, but what Vermintide 2 has over other four-player co-op chaos games is its perfect first-person melee combat. It's the perfect quick woosh and slow thunk as big lumps of Renaissance metal bite into fur and skin. You get stuck in and the blood seeps in at the edges of the screen while you block and shove and swing till there's breathing room, then look around to make sure everyone else is standing. Then you do it again 12 more times and it's still enjoyable. Plus, the weird-voiced space dwarves of Deep Rock Galactic have nothing on Bardin with his dwarfish battlecries and tendency to burst into song mid-battle. Alan Dexter: Vermintide II is harsh, but in the best possible way. It challenges you, and then rewards your determination with a better understanding of the underlying mechanics. You get slightly further with each run, gear upgrades embolden you, communication with your buddies becomes more nuanced, and before you know it you're facing down the Skittergate like the team of wisecracking baddasses that you are. 73. What the Golf? Released 2019 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Triband) Chris: A great way to make people laugh is to surprise them, and What the Golf? is almost constantly surprising. Golf is almost never just golf: it becomes soccer, driving, bowling, first-person shooting, and archery, just to name a few. And just when you think you've got a handle on things it'll switch it up, so instead of your bow shooting an arrow, it'll shoot 100 arrows. Or it'll launch you through the air instead. Just a great, funny game. Harry Shepherd: Unlike real-life golf, Triband's experimental curio is wonderfully accessible. Every person I invited to click and drag to hit the ball was immediately entranced, as just a few clicks and drags on the mouse is enough to hook you in. 72. Invisible Inc. Released 2015 | Last position 71 (Image credit: Klei Entertainment) Jody: Normally I'm a stickler for first-person stealth. You should be leaning around a corner, holding down Q or E while shifting slightly in your chair for no reason to see if there's a guard lurking there. Invisible Inc. makes you look down from above, pressing the peek icon instead, but it's still every bit as tense. Turn-based isometric stealth just as thrilling as the regular kind. Invisible Inc. understands cyberpunk as well, piling a miracle on top of another miracle. Phil: Much like Into the Breach—which I'll admit has stolen a bit of Invisible, Inc.'s shine as my go-to meticulous, almost perfectly designed tactics game—the key to what makes this so good is information. You're given loads of it, up front, to the point that essentially nothing is up to chance. That leaves your fate in your own hands, and lets you concentrate on using your wits and your skills to stage a series of elaborate corporate heists. Tom: The escalating guard levels over time forces you to take risky manoeuvres with agents that can be all-too fragile. The result is a tense chin-scratcher with a great art style. The procedurally generated levels work as well, which is vital in a game that, as Phil says, gives you almost total information about where enemies can see and what they are likely to do next. 71. EVE Online Released 2003 | Last position 70 (Image credit: CCP Games) Steven: EVE Online is frequently joked about as the best game to read about but never play, but that kind of outlook dismisses just what a unique and special game EVE Online is. Sure, it's a very cerebral experience that often boils down to staring at spreadsheets, but that's because EVE Online is so good at creating a virtual life that it successfully recreates even the most boring bits of living. Just don't play it alone—this is one MMO where multiplayer is practically mandatory. Andy K: I've played about 100 hours of EVE, which is nothing compared to a seasoned player. But whenever I visit New Eden, I fall in love with the game's dreamy, understated atmosphere. Even if you never meet another player and stick to the safe starting regions of space, there's still fun to be had here.
