70. World of Warcraft Released 2004 | Last position 43 (Image credit: Blizzard Entertainment) Steven: World of Warcraft's been in a rough spot the last few years, which is why it's slid down a bit on our list. Despite the latest expansion, Battle for Azeroth, having a lot of issues that get in the way of what WoW does best, this is still a worthwhile and entertaining MMO full of adventure. Fraser: I’ve quit yet again. After just coming back, too. But I know it’s going to be temporary, because nothing has ever scratched that MMO itch quite like WoW. 69. Destiny 2 Released 2017 | Last position 14 (Image credit: Bungie) Tim: Firstly, nice. Secondly, the reason for Destiny 2's precipitous drop largely stems from how little the team likes the current seasonal model. The return of iconic character Saint-14 made Season of Dawn fun, and it had a decent new activity and weapons, but Trials of Osiris whiffing made Season of the Worthy feel really anemic. This September's big expansion, Beyond Light, looks promising, with a whole new damage type and accompanying subclasses to play with. But the biggest reason to keep Destiny 2 around is that there really isn't a comparable AAA shooter which offers anything like the same amount of free content stuff to explore. New Light's onboarding experience might be a mess, but the quality of the gunplay and art design still absolutely bodies the competition. Phil: Count me among those campaigning for Destiny 2 to drop down the list this year. And yet, for all of Year 3's problems, I'm probably playing it more than ever right now. That's in large part due to me finally getting a team together to do some raids, which are frankly a brilliant reason to invest in this game and its bullshit. Each is a mechanically fascinating exploration of the things you can do with a) orbs, b) plates and c) orbs and plates, and the sense of achievement when everything comes together for your first completion is palpable. It's just a shame five of them are being removed in November. 68. Warframe Released 2013 | Last position 27 (Image credit: Digital Extremes) Steven: Warframe's last year hasn't exactly been its best. Ambitious updates like the new ship-to-ship combat was dragged down by bugs, poor balancing, and a grind that sometimes feels like a needless distraction. But even in spite of that, Warframe remains one of the best looter shooters you can play. It's just so weird and full of strange ideas that have slowly congealed into a fascinating shooter where one minute you're bullet-time sliding through a group of super mutant soldiers and the next you're dancing with your friends to a crude version of Da Rude's Sandstorm that you hand-programmed on the in-game synthesizer. That unique sense of strange keeps Warframe compelling even when Digital Extremes' unwillingness to play it safe bites it in the ass. Don't get me wrong, though. Warframe succeeds far more often than it fails. Though it's far more complex than other games, like Destiny 2, that complexity also creates an enormous amount of depth that's kept me playing for hundreds of hours. Though some might lament the lack of a true endgame, I really enjoy Warframe's horizontal progression that encourages me to set my own goals, like crafting new warframes or unlocking new weapons, and experiment with its vast arsenal. Even if you're not a completionist, Warframe is worth playing just for the story, which also packs some crazy, fun twists. 67. Devil May Cry 5 Released 2019 | Last position 46 (Image credit: Capcom) Jacob: By the end of each Devil May Cry 5 mission you will have shredded and ripped and crushed wave after wave of the Underworld's nastiest hellspawn. While it's firmly rooted in its hack and slash history, a choice of three characters offers new opportunities to nail down precise combos and a varying blend of otherworldly and overly-excessive combat. When you finally mash the buttons just right, you're rewarded with an increasingly edgy soundtrack and a gory crescendo of blood, orbs, and rock organ. Tom: A fast, fluid, beautifully animated brawler with fantastic weapons and an edgy personality. I wish we had more games like this on PC, but until the next sequel there's plenty to enjoy on higher difficulty levels as you master each character's moveset. 66. Her Story Released 2015 | Last position 65 (Image credit: Sam Barlow) Andy K: Her Story is special because it tells a story in a way only a videogame could. It's a subdued police procedural with a distinctly British sensibility, told entirely out of order. You piece a suspect's story together by digging through a fragmented archive of short interrogation clips, tapping keywords into an old PC to uncover clues about what her story actually is. But the order you find the clips in, which is different for every person who plays the game, can distort your perception of the narrative in interesting ways. The detective story is as old as fiction itself, but Her Story is an excitingly fresh take on it. And if you want more, follow-up Telling Lies expands on the concept with a larger cast of characters and higher production values. 65. Ori and the Will of the Wisps Released 2020 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Moon Studios) Emma: Easily one of the prettiest games to release in 2020, Ori and the Will of the Wisps is a Metroidvania that's truly rewarding to explore. New abilities are frequently introduced, encouraging you to thoroughly comb every inch of its beautiful map. Engaging in combat with enemies is difficult at first, but as you master your skill set, landing the perfect combo on a tough creature feels glorious. Be warned, its heartbreaking story will play on your mind for some time afterwards. 64. Frostpunk Released 2018 | Last position 63 (Image credit: 11 bit studios) Jody: 11 Bit Studios' other game, This War of Mine, is part of the curriculum in Polish schools now. Frostpunk taught me more. For starters, this game about managing a steampunk city through an ice age taught me the value of child labor and religious zealotry. I enacted harsh policies to keep citizens from freezing but found myself putting the brakes on as soon as I could. Sure, I passed the law allowing children to work because the engines were on the brink of failing. But when I transitioned them away from picking up coal to light kitchen duty, it felt like I was clawing back a society worth living in, scrambling up the hierarchy of needs. It's powerful stuff. Chris: It's a challenging survival game and an atmospheric city builder, but at Frostpunk's core is a startlingly believable society simulator. And societies are awful. People are dumb, dishonest, prone to panic, and will accept a ridiculous rumor over a proven fact nine times out of ten. It doesn't matter how well your city is running, your citizens will find some excuse to lose hope, be miserable, and threaten to plunge you into ruin. At times it feels unfair, when everyone is fed and warm and they're still on the brink of revolt, but that's how society works. Humans are always the biggest problem to solve, and Frostpunk gets that. 63. Black Mesa Released 2020 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Crowbar Collective) Andy K: This ambitious fan-made remake is probably the best way to experience the Black Mesa Incident on a modern PC. It differs from the source material in a lot of ways—particularly the greatly expanded (and improved) Xen chapters—so purists might argue otherwise. But with bigger, more dramatic levels, production values approaching Half-Life 2, and new puzzles and set-pieces, Black Mesa breathes new life into Gordon Freeman's debut adventure. It's astonishing that something this confidently made is, essentially, a fan project. And doubly so that Valve allowed them to sell it on its own distribution platform. If you've ever felt the urge to return to the Black Mesa facility, this is the perfect excuse to go and reintroduce your crowbar to some headcrabs. 62. Euro Truck Simulator 2 Released 2012 | Last position 61 (Image credit: SCS Software) Andy K: It might not offer the high-speed thrills of Forza, but ETS2 remains one of the best driving games on PC. Not only do its trucks feel great to drive, with weighty, nuanced handling, but its world is absolutely massive. You can drive from the UK to Russia, stopping at Scandinavia, Eastern Europe, and a dozen other countries along the way, which makes it a brilliant road trip simulator. It's also extremely chill, and I always have it installed in case I ever feel the need to hit the motorway and destress. Phil: American Truck Simulator still slightly edges it out for me, with its focus on sweeping, dusty plains, but whichever flavour you pick, this is a masterful series that understands the simple pleasure of a) driving with purpose, accompanied by nothing but your a radio and your thoughts, and, b) accomplishing a task well, and on time. 61. Fortnite Released 2017 | Last position 36 (Image credit: Epic Games) James: In 2020, you could catch a live viewing of Inception inside Fortnite. During a time when theaters are closed all over the world, I could watch a movie in a communal space with other people (and by people I mean a dozen Kylo Rens). Travis Scott put on a psychedelic show that drew 12.3 million viewers and doubled as his official music video. Party Royale arrived with its weekly EDM shows and non-violent pub games. Epic turned the damn game off for a few days for marketing purposes. Fortnite is still firmly embedded in modern gaming culture. It'll be around for the next decade, easily, and remain popular throughout. For good reason, too. It's a COVID-19 era concert and movie venue. It's a creative sandbox filled with thousands of unique, user-created platforming challenges, combat arenas, and escape rooms. It's a base-defense game layered with RPG systems and loot drops for endless replayability. And, yeah, it's still an excellent battle royale shooter that's still surprising me with every seasonal refresh. We've already seen NPC-patrolled spy bases that turn certain areas into tiny infiltration and deception arenas and now Epic's flooded half the map, transforming every scrap of land into a highly contested hot spot—nevermind the sharks sailing through the air to ruin campers. Still free, still fantastic.
60. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Released 2011 | Last position 49 (Image credit: Bethesda Softworks) Fraser: Skyrim is the forever game, nearly a decade old now and still kicking around. It is very large and very good, but it’s really stayed relevant because of the incalculable number of mods that its hard-working community has churned out. Whole new games have been built out of it, along with a slew of improvements that you shouldn’t start your journey without. Jody: Now that expansion-sized mods like Legacy of the Dragonborn are exploring the Special Edition's possibilities, Skyrim feels reborn. Chris: I still think Oblivion is a better game, but Skyrim does the two most important things right. It lets me be whoever I want and doesn't care if I completely ignore the main storyline. I can pick a direction and enjoy however much or little of the official quests I want. I don't have to be the Dragonborn, I can just explore, fight, interact, and come up with my own personal goals and story. It's not the most finely crafted RPG out there, but the absolute freedom it gives players to build their own character and history is worth the rough edges. Ask someone about their favorite part of the Witcher 3 and they'll tell you about their favorite quest. Ask a Skyrim player, and they'll tell you about the unique character they created and the story they came up with. 59. Caves of Qud Released 2015 | Last position 40 (Image credit: Freehold Games) Steven: A dark horse if there ever was one, Caves of Qud is the best RPG you're not playing. It's like Dwarf Fortress, except much less daunting and centered on a strange, alien world with some of my favorite writing in games. Each time you play, whole cultural histories are randomly generated for you to learn about as you pick through the dilapidated ruins of Qud's lost civilizations. It's a cerebral, ambitious, and impressive RPG with a humble ASCII-like art style. 58. STALKER: Call of Pripyat Released 2010 | Last position 58 (Image credit: GSC Game World) Chris: You'll probably want to mod the hell out of it. But even in its vanilla form, it's unmatched in the sense of dread it provides. Most games turn you into a superhero, but Stalker never lets you forget you're mortal and that an unceremonious death can happen at any second. Phil: Tense and dark and foreboding, Stalker is a masterclass in player disempowerment. Between the bandits, the monsters, and the anomalies, it's clear that its open world has no care for your survival. Stalker refuses to let you get comfortable, and that makes it just as oppressive and scary as the most tightly plotted horror game. 57. Unavowed Released 2018 | Last position 57 (Image credit: Wadjet Eye Games) Fraser: Urban fantasy with a dash of BioWare's companions and consequences, Unavowed feels like a reimagining of classic point-and-click adventures. It's steeped in puzzles—most expertly woven into the story—and handsome pixel art, but it also offers more freedom to chart the course of your adventure, giving you authorship over the story. Phil: I've loved Wadjet Eye's games since the first in the Blackwell series, but Unavowed is on another level. It's exceptionally clever: a party-based point-and-click that lets you develop real attachment to its cast of eccentric characters, and offers up plenty of twists on the many cliches of supernatural fiction. 56. Prey Released 2017 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Arkane Studios) Jody: A spooky space station game in which you play Prop Hunt, where any medkit could be a spider-monster while you have a glue gun and Nerf darts. It's not just another space station game. It's the ultimate. Arkane didn't remake Prey, they made System Shock 3 and called it Prey. Phil: One of Prey's biggest achievements is making Talos I feel like an actual, coherent place. Sure, it's built out of a series of segmented levels with loading screens between them, but the fact you have multiple routes to each area—one of which simply involves leaving the station and floating off to a different hatch—gives it a real presence. Prey's actual biggest achievement, though, is more monumental entirely: it has a crafting system that's good. 55. Session Released 2019 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Crea-ture Studios) James: You can play Session with classic Skate controls. Cool and fine. Or, if you're a maniac like me, you can control each foot with a stick and turn on manual catching and kick strength and spin power to make Session into a skateboard QWOP. It makes a single flatland, crawling kickflip a pretty big accomplishment, and I'll never be a good virtual skater. But like the early '00s, I'm watching the best of the best begin to emerge from the virtual scene, with players like JAHDexe making legit, unique skate videos. There's even a Session collective, Dizzy Skateboarding Co., highlighting the cream of the crop in montages that take me back to the best Girl's Yeah Right or Zero's Misled Youth. 54. Resident Evil 2 Released 2019 | Last position 29 (Image credit: Capcom) Robin: I never even played the original Resi 2, and I still adored this remake. It absolutely stands up on its merits as just a fantastic bit of survival horror. It’s such a pleasure picking your way through its intricate maps—solving puzzles, finding secrets, and trying not to get eaten. Controversial opinion, though: I could’ve done without Mr X. He’s too mechanical to be scary, but enough of an obstacle to be frustrating. I just wanted to poke around at my leisure. Andy K: Remakes don’t get much better than this. Not only does it remain true to the spirit of the original, but it remixes and modernises it too. Stepping into the RPD building, you get the same feeling you did back in the PlayStation era. A mix of awe and fear, as you wonder what darkness lurks in the corners of this beautiful old building. But with modern textures, lighting, and shadows—not to mention a shift to full 3D—the atmosphere of the place is radically heightened. This is the game you know and love at its core, but with a fresh spin on almost everything, and a much scarier Tyrant. It’s the best Resi in years, rooted in the past, but looking to the future as well. 53. Dusk Released 2018 | Last position 53 (Image credit: New Blood Interactive) Tyler Wilde: I find Dusk ugly compared to other recent FPS throwbacks like Amid Evil and Ion Fury, but having been a Quake fan, I get the nostalgia. And it plays just right if you're fond of the classics: you move like you're on ice skates and shoot like you're playing a clicker game. Tom: Even the reload animations are fun in this fond reflection of old-school shooters. You don't even have hands, but you can still spin your floating twin shotguns to magically put new shells into the barrel. The levels travel between B-movie genres, and are actually funny. I've never thought of level design as a medium for humour, but when I go down a tunnel and suddenly fight a giant alligator for no reason, I can't help but laugh. 52. Stardew Valley Released 2016 | Last position 52 (Image credit: ConcernedApe) Rachel Watts: Stardew Valley is a pocket of calm, especially in these trying times. The slice-of-life sim lets you lead the life of a farmer. You can build any type of farm you like, from a profitable vegetable empire to a cosy barn with a few flower patches. Being plonked on a huge empty lot might seem a little daunting, but once you settle in the seasons will fly by. Seeing the money roll in from your epic shipment of green beans after nurturing them for 10 straight days is a feeling like no other. When you want a break from your farming life, you can wander around Pelican Town befriending its residents. Getting to know the community and the learning about the underlying magic of the town always gives you more to discover. Stardew Valley is both a blessing and a curse. It's a peaceful game, but it will make your heart ache for the tranquility of the countryside. Fraser: I get to live out the fantasy of not killing every plant I try to grow and the fantasy of having a thriving social life. Highly recommended for plant-killing hermits. 51. Path of Exile Released 2013 | Last position 50 (Image credit: Grinding Gear Games) Steven: Quarterly expansions continue to reinvent the base game in strange, exciting new ways. Its current expansion, for example, lets you tend a garden by planting seeds that grow monsters for you to kill for loot. It's so weird, but I love how consistently Path of Exile makes clicking on things until they die fun. I've only scraped the surface of its more complex systems and endgame, and frequent updates and improvements have kept it from aging. This is still the king of ARPGs. Tom: It's astonishing how much you get for free in this game. Purchases are mainly tied to glitzy exotics, but you still have access to the full depth of Path of Exile's RPG systems. If you think the vast, sprawling skill board is daunting, wait until you get into the intricacies of combining weapons on your items to create deadly or hilarious combinations.
