50. Grand Theft Auto 5 Released 2015 | Last position 39 (Image credit: Rockstar) Chris: It's been long enough that I've forgotten most of the details of the 40-hour story, but who cares? GTA 5 remains a glorious sandbox of destruction and mayhem, even without a story. You can grab some friends and go bananas in GTA Online together, or go on a reckless stunt-driving and plane-stealing spree alone in singleplayer. Thousands of mods keep it fresh, but it barely needs them. I'll keep happily playing GTA 5 until the next one comes along. Andy K: I often struggle to finish open world games, but I’ve seen GTA V’s story through to the end three times now. After the dark, downbeat GTA IV, this is a game bubbling with colour and excitement, and every mission throws up some new gimmick, minigame, gadget, vehicle, or absurd moment of slapstick comedy. I love seeing Los Santos and the surrounding countryside through the eyes of three very different characters, and I love how the stakes keep escalating until, by the end, you feel like you’re playing the lead in a Michael Bay movie, leaping out of planes and infiltrating high-security secret labs. 49. Opus Magnum Released 2017 | Last position 48 (Image credit: zachtronics) Tyler: A brilliant puzzle game. Each level is a condensed factory building problem with many solutions, but only some are elegant enough to feel satisfying. It's the only puzzle game where, after finally solving a level, I've refused to move on to the next one because I knew I could solve it better. Phil: It helps—or maybe doesn't—that its leaderboard system is very good at telling you how much more elegantly your friends have beaten each level. But it also offers multiple ways to achieve that feeling of mastery. Your alchemy machines can target space, efficiency or time, and each requires a slightly different way of thinking. Alternatively you can ignore pure numbers and just make something that looks pretty in motion—even turning it into a gif for your future satisfaction. 48. Minecraft Released 2009 | Last position 47 (Image credit: Mojang) Rachel: Minecraft is the ultimate playground for creativity. The blocky sandbox has inspired a whole generation of players, from passionate kids to an industry of professional builders. Projects like the Uncensored Library, the charity Block By Block, and hundreds of other initiatives prove that Minecraft is a gaming force for good. Chris: I've been avoiding Minecraft for the past few years because when I inevitably start it up it sucks a few more days out of my life. Having endless possibilities will do that. Whenever I need to go in to grab a screenshot or video of something, I'll look around and see all the projects I was working on but never finished, or a distant mountaintop or gulch will catch my eye, or I'll spawn a new world and start exploring, or I'll click on creative mode and find myself messing around until the wee hours of the morning. 47. Portal 2 Released 2011 | Last position 30 (Image credit: Valve) Wes: The funniest game ever written? Likely. More importantly, Portal 2 is the finest example of the Steam Workshop's success, with a near-infinite selection of user-made maps. I played the campaign once, but many more weekends with a co-op friend, hungry for new puzzles to punish our brains with. Robin: I think for me this game still holds the crown for the most ‘ah ha!’ moments of any puzzle game I’ve played—especially in co-op. It’s tricky, but in a way that makes you feel like a genius, rather than an idiot. 46. Rocket League Released 2015 | Last position 25 (Image credit: Psyonix) Tyler: You don't hear much about Rocket League these days, but you don't hear about bowling, either, and people haven't stopped playing that. As other competitive games come and go, Rocket League remains an unmovable pastime. It isn't just because 'soccer, but with cars' was a novel idea. Others have tried to replicate Rocket League and have failed because they lack the subtle controls that enable gorgeous and subtle fake outs, trick shots, and passing plays. After 1,000 hours, I'm still trying to air dribble properly. 45. Civilization VI Released 2016 | Last position 44 (Image credit: 2K) Fraser: Civ typically gets two expansions before the focus shifts to the next one, but Civ VI is unexpectedly still going. It’s definitely shaping up to be the densest of the 4X series, with more civs and scenarios still coming, and with the big changes the base game made to cities, and the expansions’ interesting experiments with golden ages, dark ages and climate change, it’s another strong entry in the immortal series. And now you can also convert cities with rock bands. Tom: I was a little cold on it when I started playing Civ VI. I liked the city changes but preferred the more subtle art of Civ V. I think if I was going to play any game in the series it would be the fourth, but as Fraser notes, the pattern of expansions should help Civilization VI overtake the previous games in terms of depth and sheer variety of approach you can take to world domination. 44. Arma 3 Released 2013 | Last position 42 (Image credit: Bohemia Interactive) Fraser: Arma 3's a serious, daunting military sim that conjures up an infinite supply of agonisingly tense sniper duels, convoy ambushes, night-time raids and all-out battles. But for extended lengths of time it's horrifyingly quiet, full of long build-ups as you crawl through undergrowth, nervously dash through exposed areas and constantly keep an eye out for any signs of life. And then there's the crackle of gunfire, or a sniper's shot echoing through a valley, and you're diving behind cover, trying to figure out where it's coming from. Instead of being a gun on legs, you're a fleshy, vulnerable soldier, but also a flexible one. You can quickly shift between different horizontal and vertical stances, giving you a great deal of fine control over your body. Usually it's a treat to be able to just go prone, but Arma 3's got an absurd nine stances. So even when it's at its most stressful, you'll always feel in control, empowered by a long list of options, as well as fancy military toys. But that's just one facet of a much larger creative sandbox. Thanks to its editor and an army of modders, Arma 3 can be pretty much anything. Even its official DLC takes things in unexpected directions, like go-karting and an entire campaign dedicated to first contact with aliens. 43. Metal Gear Solid V Released 2015 | Last position 21 (Image credit: Konami) Jorge Jimenez: Hideo Kojima's swan song to the Metal Gear franchise before his unceremoniously departure from Konami to start his own studio, MGSV is one of the best stealth action games you can get your hands on. This ambitious sandbox game values your freedom to handle any mission you see fit. From sneaking around military bases with your dog (who also has an eye-patch) to calling in a chopper that's blasting Hall and Oates' Maneater on the battlefield—these are just a tiny fraction of the hijinx you'll get into. Andy K: As a longtime Metal Gear Solid fan, I was disappointed with The Phantom Pain from a story perspective. Whether by design or not, the narrative is paper-thin and wholly unsatisfying. But the stealth itself is easily my favourite in the series. The more you play, the deeper the sandbox gets. You’re constantly unlocking new gadgets and weapons, which steadily grow more absurd until you’re launching a bionic arm at enemies and using wormholes to send sheep back to your base. It’s a joyous collection of fun interlocking systems and endlessly rewarding. If only the story was as good. 42. Assassin's Creed Odyssey Released 2018 | Last position 32 (Image credit: Ubisoft) Robin: I think Odyssey’s often really underrated—dismissed as just another Ubisoft sandbox. Sure, it’s got way too much bloat, and its Witcher-like RPG aspirations don’t always gel super well with AC’s accumulated mechanical baggage. But its world is just completely spectacular. Even if you don’t enjoy the action, you’ve got to recognise what a technical marvel its realisation of Ancient Greece is—utterly huge and packed with authentic detail and mythological wonder. Few digital spaces are as breath-taking to simply travel across. Fraser: I have spent something like 150 hours traipsing around Greece with Kassandra, and I didn’t even get close to finishing everything. Assassin’s Creed has never been stingy with the diversions. There are usually too many, and that’s the case here, but I was compelled to spend a ridiculous amount of time in Odyssey because it’s such an astounding world. Over every hill, within every city and across every stretch of sea there are incalculable wonders and vistas waiting to be explored and snapped with the excellent in-game camera. It’s a great place for a holiday, with only a bit of murder getting in the way of the relaxation. 41. Halo: The Master Chief Collection Released 2019 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Xbox Game Studios) Wes: Halo was the first FPS to nail shooting on a gamepad, but once you play on PC, with mouse and keyboard and a 144Hz monitor, there's no going back. With each game added the Master Chief Collection becomes a better deal on PC. They look old, but the campaigns still offer some of the best sandbox level design in shooter history, and multiplayer runs so smoothly on modern dedicated servers. Steven: Yeah, does Halo really need to be justified? It's fuckin' Halo! Even by today's standards, I'm still blown away by some of the missions in Halo 1 (Flood levels notwithstanding) and I love reliving my teenage years playing Zombies in Halo 2. Everything else—including support for modern displays and hardware—is just a bonus.
40. Kerbal Space Program Released 2015 | Last position 17 (Image credit: Private Division) Wes: I'm psyched for KSP2, out in 2021, which will include co-op. Until then, there's nothing else on PC like Kerbal, a game that will inspire you to learn basic rocket physics and feel like a damn genius for every accomplishment. Chris: As kind of a dummy, it's nice that a game filled with complicated science stuff is still fun even when you fail. Blowing up a rocket or stranding an adorable astronaut in space is met with laughs, not frustration. Phil: I'll admit it: I'm still not very good at Kerbal Space Program. I'm fine at getting stuff into space. Bringing it back can be tricky. But one of my favourite things about KSP is that you don't need to be good at it to earn a sense of achievement; you can just put lots of rockets on things and hope for the best. For all its rigorous physics, KSP is still mostly about celebrating creativity and fun. 39. Street Fighter V Released 2016 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Capcom) Emma: Street Fighter V may not have been in the best shape when it launched, but Capcom has nursed it into a fighting game that lives up to its prestigious legacy. Its roster of iconic returning characters—alongside a few new challengers—accommodates a wide range of playstyles that are fun to learn how to counter. More than anything, I respect it for how welcoming it is for beginners. Perfect execution is still a steep grind for novices, but it's more forgiving than previous iterations. 38. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive Released 2012 | Last position 38 (Image credit: Valve) Emma: I can't imagine a Top 100 list that doesn't feature Counter-Strike. For me, it's synonymous with PC gaming. Its community is frequently highlighted for its toxicity and this can make it daunting to queue into competitive matches solo. That said, I've made some lovely friends while grinding through its skill groups, and forming a premade squad took over my Friday nights for the best part of a year. CS:GO offers a precarious balance of electrifying highs and rock bottom lows that make it just as easy to criticise as it is to fall in love with it. In a good session, the thrills of clutching an important round, or annihilating the other team with a 16-0 finish can put me in a good mood for the rest of the day. On the flip side, seeing my performance dip low enough to have me questioning why I haven't deranked already will leave me sulking in defeat. No other game has managed to replicate the same weight behind its weapons, or the heart rate spikes I suffer as I creep onto its bombsites. From the pride I take in lining up a perfect smoke, to the satisfying one-taps I land with the USP-S, there's no substitute. Especially not Valorant. 37. Subnautica Released 2018 | Last position 18 (Image credit: Subnautica) Jody: When I want to have a good time in the ocean, frolic with some dolphins and swim through schools of tropical fish, I play Abzu. When I want to have a bad time in the ocean I play Subnautica. There's no frolicking in its alien sea. There are behemoths with eyes bigger than your body who look at you like just maybe you're a morsel worth opening their colossal maw for. There are razormouth jerkfish who will saw through your bones because you had the audacity to swim near their weeds. There are things beyond describing in the crushing depths where it feels like physics don't apply. I don't know why I play Subnautica actually, but I'll never forget it. 36. Forza Horizon 4 Released 2018 | Last position 35 (Image credit: Playground Games) James: It's been a stressful year. And whenever I'm stressed, which is always, I meditate. Find a center, breathe, step outside my thoughts. But Forza Horizon 4 is home to perhaps the most potent meditative technique I practice: driving expensive cars through fences and over hummocks in the English countryside. The Horizon series is still the most blissful, accessible, whatever-you-want-it-to-be car game around. I tend to spend a lot of time applying dumb liveries to vans and driving them off cliffs because a van suspended in mid-air feels like a form of existential protest to me. To hell with gravity and roads and lightweight chassis. I'm a van and I can fly. Anyway, you can race cars in Horizon 4 too, I guess. Phil: Here's a secret, just for you: I don't love Forza Horizon in spite of its dumb, brash tone; I love it because of it. Yes, most of its characters are annoying. Yes, its festival conceit is overbearing. But here's the thing: everyone is having a good time, and they want you to have a good time too. And you will, because doing dumb shit in the countryside is just good. 35. Monster Hunter: World Released 2018 | Last position 12 (Image credit: Capcom) Robin: There are few things in games as tense and exciting as one of Monster Hunter World’s monster fights. It’s essentially a game of endless boss battles, with exploring and RPG tinkering in between, and they’re the best boss battles in the business—dynamic, unpredictable brawls where you can be about to lay the killing blow on a fire-breathing tyrannosaurus rex, only to be interrupted by a screeching dragon furious you’ve stumbled into its territory. All the more riveting with friends. Wes: World's big expansion, Iceborne, is a great addition. It brings back some of the series' most popular monsters and adds several new ones, adds two giant new maps, and makes a lot of convenient updates to the UI and multiplayer experience that you'll instantly appreciate. It also has the most fun new game weapon of the year: the clutch claw, a grappling hook that lets you punch monsters in the face and ram them into walls. 34. Super Mega Baseball 3 Released 2020 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Metalhead Software) Chris: It's been a real pleasure watching this cartoony baseball series grow from a fun but casual action game into a sim with real managerial depth and challenge. Franchise Mode is excellent, allowing you to enhance the skills of individual players over the course of the season, sign and release players, and see veterans retire and rookies appear over the winter break, giving your team an evolving history and continuity. Customization lets you control everything from the logo on your team's caps to the structure of the post-season. And Pennant Race is a great online mode challenging you to climb the ladder in a series of games against friends or other players. Metalhead Software swung for the fences, and really connected. 33. Company of Heroes Released 2006 | Last position 33 (Image credit: SEGA) Dave James: Where do you go after the vast scale of the Homeworld games, and 40,000 years into the future with Dawn of War? Super small-scale squad-based WWII, obviously. It might not have been the most obvious choice of theatre, but Relic made an RTS that was intimate, brutal, engaging, and intricately tactical. The campaigns themselves were a blast, added to with smart standalone DLC introducing tangibly different factions, and the multiplayer experience delivered some of the most intense, entertaining experiences I've ever had mowing down hordes of Nazis. It was the blueprint for future Dawn of War games, and is a title that still gets installed on my rig for a quick blast whenever I find myself coming down off a Dan Carlin binge. 32. Cities: Skylines Released 2015 | Last position 31 (Image credit: Paradox Interactive) Fraser: Cities: Skylines has maintained its position as the best city builder for five years now and shows no signs of giving up the crown. The modders have played a big role in its longevity, churning out a mountain of cosmetic and mechanical changes. I've got something like 200 mods that are just cyberpunk. Every time I think I'm tapped out and can't build another district, I'm seduced back in for another urban experiment. I'll be here until there's a sequel. Wes: I can attest that Cities: Skylines gets the all-important uncle vote. I gifted the game to mine more than a year ago, and I think he's put more time into it than I've spent with all videogames combined since then. 31. Dark Souls Remastered Released 2018 | Last position 34 (Image credit: FromSoftware) Wes: I still marvel at the audacity to put an entire area, Ash Lake, behind an invisible wall that many players will never find. Dark Souls' commitment to player discovery is what makes its unforgiving world so entrancing. And the multiplayer is still one-of-a-kind, which is why the hourlong standoff I had with another player over what I thought were traps—but were actually harmless glowing pebbles they put down to taunt me—is still one of my favorite gaming memories. James: Dark Souls isn't perfect, but it's perfect enough to forgive the Demon Ruins and Lost Izalith, which is why I'm highjacking this space to put out an important PSA. Everyone knows Dark Souls is good. But Dark Souls 2? It's the one to play right now, especially if you haven't yet. It's not as tonally or visually consistent, but the breadth of monster designs, especially in the bosses is unmatched. Fight a frog that pukes out a huge desiccated face. Take down the entire skeleton hierarchy. Trip up a ghost carriage in an ancient coliseum. And do it all dressed as a human butterfly, maybe a jester, perhaps some wooly mammoth cosplay. Stage dive into the heart of chaos in the most metal boss fight in possibly any game. Give the unloved middle child its own special day.
