You can literally create anything. It's amazing.
Creating anything. I love feeling like I can create anything I want, and that's a very useful tool for making up your own stories.
Great Game Overall
This is a overall great game if you like this type. The game is playable in two forms, the First Person form or the original table top form. This game is probably my favorite game in this genre. It has a great big skill tree and a good story and fighting mechanics that you can sink many hours into. As for the age, this game has held up quite well.Yes lots of things are outdated but that is easily bypassed by the overall quality of it. Also put quite simply, This game is not 14+, that is a ridiculous statement. To me this game can be played by anybody who can handle simple non animated combat.
Idk
I think it’s for 11 and up cause it is violence but not strong violence like black ops so in my opinion I think it should be 11 and up or 12 and up depending on how strong the kid mind is
The best game ever!
Great game, not as intense at it seems
Good game
Awesome but hardware-taxing
Brilliant adventure game has swearing and violence
Amazing! A must-have!
A perfect ending
Shadow of the tomb raider is awsome it’s kinda bloody but other than that it isnt to bad.
This game has amazinf graphics and environment, and a myriad of places to explore. While there is violence, it is all against bad people who are trying to end the world, and there really isn't any blood. You can even sneak around most enemies and avoid violence. The game does get scary at a point, where The Descent-esque monsters attack you and you have to fight them off in a dark cave. (minor spoilers here: these monsters do however, turn out to help you in the end so you realize they aren't murderous crazies.)
Good but it's hard to understand the game.
This game is absolutely STUNNING visually and gameplay-wise. Hard to see blood. Absolute must-play, but requires decent GPU.
Parental stuff first, like always! So, violence? Yes, it definitely is there. Lara uses a variety of weapons like bows and guns and knives to kill people and animals. There's some gore in it, such as a torn up of a minor character, with limbs torn off, and skin was torn off, and his body mauled and quite messed up, and other such. Cities are destroyed by natural disasters. There's also intense action and fights, and even more! Swearing? Yes. There's frequent use of sh-t and f-ck and others. Sex? As far as I know, not really. Drinking and smoking? I haven't gotten to a part like that, though there likely will be a scene involving such things. Consumerism? No. Messages? Yes, there are messages of friendship and trust throughout. Great role models? Yes. Lara is a strong female character, and that's just about it. This is the epic conclusion to the prequel trilogy (Tomb Raider, Rise Of The Tomb Raider, and this one) involving where Lara, while exploring a Mayan temple, accidentally sets off the apocalypse that will end everything, and she must stop it by solving a riddle. And yes, this adventure game has brilliant graphics, great gameplay and fascinating characters and areas, making it a good conclusion to the prequel trilogy. I say those old teens can handle the violence and swearing in this game. Thanks!
This game is an epic conclusion to the trilogy, and easily one of my favorite games. The story is incredible and emotional, and will knock you off your feet it’s so good. As good as it is, there is fairly violent combat (like a slightly more bloody Uncharted), but the most violence is seen in large quantities of blood, bones, and very occasionally some mutilated corpses, but the disturbing corpses are mostly contained in one section of the game. There is also a seen where you witness a human sacrifice, although Lara is sickened by it, not supporting it. Besides lots of profanity, that’s about it. Before you shut this down as a disturbing and violent game, I encourage you to try it because it truly is a masterpiece, and the good far outweighs the bad. The combination of beautiful graphics and landscapes, stunning effects, superb voice acting, and an emotionally driven amazing story, this game is a must-have for your console.
This game is a lot like it’s predecessors in that it does contain gruesome images and brutal violence. Whilst their is blood shown frequently when Lara takes down an enemy, those who are familiar with the reboot saga won’t be surprised to what they see. With new stealth abilities Lara can sneak up behind enemies and stab them multiple times with both her knife and axe with visible blood shown. Other than that, the game does contain graphic sacrificial imagery. In one scene, the player must climb through a gruesome cavern with bodies hung everywhere and an area littered with bloody bodies and climb through substantial amounts of the aftermath of those rather unlucky victims. As well as that in one scene, the half eaten body of a person is shown briefly. There is however minimal actual sacrifices displayed, however only what is left in their wake. It wouldn’t be Tomb Raider without a few ‘horror esque’ moments as well, (without spoiling too much) expect some enemy’s that aren’t quite all human and quite a few jump scares in a few places that may catch you off guard. Over all, this game is a fantastic end to an incredible trilogy, the story is well thought out and clever and gives a sense of completion to the journey Lara has been on (as well as a few heartfelt moment along side it all). If you’re a fan and have played the last two games, expect the same levels of violence, gore and a few good scares. But if you’re new, this game is definitely not ok for anyone not familiar with blood and gore under the age of 15.
very hard to play
amazing
Good game
Great game
awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!
great
This game is a favourite of mine being a hockey fan, the game is good for 6yr olds my, brother had a little learning the controls
It's fights are way overrated, you can turn them off and body checking is part of the sport. Don't under stand 10+ the only reason I said 3+ is because 3 year olds wouldn't be big enough to hold th controller. Good for anyone who likes hockey!
probably one of the better nhl games I have played. The first version i played was NHL 12 which was not bad but then I got NHL15 and it was a complete dumpster fire and I decided to give 19 a chance and it was everything I had hoped for and more. good gameplay more modes then any other NHL game and new pond feature. the only problem is the referring is wild they call the slightest trip but no goalie interference? Hopefully it will be fixed in the next installment.
It has no violence
it is very fun
amazing game but a bit violent.
Fun web-slinging action.
Good for mature 11 year olds
Absolutely AMAZING!
The (Amazing) Spider-Man
Greatest marvel game!!!
This Game is still Great, but it does not Deserve the Amout of Praise it gets.
marvels spider man game of the year edition review
BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!
It’s not as bad as the 16+ rating. *spoiler free*
BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED (other than red dead)
So Incredibly Fun
An Amazing and Spectacular game starring the Classic Wall-Crawler
Minimum age: 8 and Ideal age: 13
Mixed Feelings
Best PS4 game ever
Great game, absolutely should not be a 16
Nice Marvel Game
Some of the best spider-man content ever.
there are a few violent scenes but the graphics and storytelling of the game are amazing. a few of these violent scenes include the city hall bombing, the attack on grand central station and the end scene on the roof of oscorp tower. there are a few drug refrences but not many. the game is easy to play and gradually gets harder as the game progresses.
(SPOILERS) Swearing consists of d*mn, b*tch, and a few others, but nothing too bad. Spider-Man may be seen as a role model for the city due to his actions, but others disagree (in-game). Violence is mild, and while Spider-Man (as said in lore) doesn't kill, a part of the story involves a police officer (who was one of the main characters dads) is bombed during his speech. He dies, and his funeral is shown on screen, but nothing else. No blood or gore.
First of all this is a spectacular game. There is pretty mild cursing such as a** h*l* and d*m* with s*** appearing around twice. In certain mission you have to stop drug dealers and there is VERY mild sexual innuendo that I sometimes didn't even notice my first time around. The most mature factor is probably the violence. There is nothing in this game that an 11 year old couldn't handle.
I really have to say I was impressed by the way this game was. It functions very well and I think if like Spiderman fan you'll like it. Really the violence isn't nothing really bad. Very standard. The cussing is very small and really hard to notice. The some characters can be great role models like Peter Parker, Aunt May, MJ, and Spiderman. The one factor that's something you might want to take into hand is drugs. There is two side missions that you have take do drug dealers. But in only of these do you see anyone try them. Overall if you're child is 11 or older this game should be fine.
amazing game. the story is great. everything is beyond amazing. i rate it a 15+ For Strong Violence, brief bloody images and mild language
Such a well thought through storyline with so many different quests and missions. Not much violence, tons of kicking punching and shooting ,small bits of graphic imagery not much screaming either in the end there's a couple of graphic scenes but not much violence all in all. there's a couple of missions were you stop drug deals or assaults.
Marvel's Spider-Man is a beautiful combination of combat and open world exploration. This game relies heavily on it's the narrative and general title of a 'Playstation Exclusive'. This title sold so many copies, and was definitely the highest in popularity from the 'Playstation 4 Collection'. The combat is slightly less violent than say the Batman Arkham games, but I have played both, and I have to say, both have very similar combat and play styles. This game does not deliver on my expectations of the game, as I bought it around Christmas of 2018, as the game was released in November, and all my friends had already played most of it, and said it was amazing. To my suprise, most of the combat and exploration around the city felt dull and repetitive over the course of the game. Altogether, I think this game is an alright title to pick up and play, but it does not really deserve the strong amount of praise.
To start off--this game is incredible, and I would give it a 4.25 out of 5. The graphics are incredible. There's tons of action, and it's not so hard that I wouldn’t rage quit, but let's just say it's not the easiest thing in the world. When you get on you are presented with the standard intro with the credits to all the companies. And then a beautiful picture of spider man. When the story starts it's not interactive for the first 3m, but how it starts is it's looking around Peter Parker's crappy apartment in a 300 degree circle and then Peter gets up and gets ready. Then he sees a final notice letter. And then the phone rings and you hear the police radio and when it buzzes on ps4 the dualshock4 vibrates like crazy. So he jumps out the window and you start swinging wherever you want. (that's my favorite feature) I even took a walk in Central Park. But I don't want to give away any spoilers. So I'm going to shut up and not do a play by play mostly because I haven't played the whole thing. And even if you're good at the game, it's still almost 150 hours of gameplay. This game is violent and rated t for teens but there is no blood. But there are many crashes, explosions, and shootings. And I also noticed martial art moves from all over the world. I would not recommend this game to kids under 9, and it's not safe for kids under 7. This game is not recommended for people with epilepsy whose seizures are triggered by flashing lights. In conclusion this game is a must have. The only reason it did not get 5 stars was because I have been gaming for 7 years of my life and I'm only 11. So I don't just go around handing out 5 stars. But there is a reason that this only got 4.25 is because it's $40 dollars and while I think it's worth every last cent, it's still $40 Quick things about this game: You follow a story of Peter Parker that combines all the movie reboots, but the Peter Parker in this game is based off of Tom Holland. And also you can go to work and help Doctor Octavius. You know, before he becomes evil like in the comics (haven't got there yet so i'm just assuming). And you can also help Aunt May at the shelter. And also Mary Jane aka MJ makes several appearances. Thank you for reading this review. I highly recommend playing this game. T for blood, drug reference, language, violence, and mild suggestive themes. All of those are mild except for violence, as for language its just crap and hell, and no drug reference thats just what it says,and no blood.
Ok so recently, in 2020, I got Marvel’s Spider-Man for PS4 and let me just say it is a triumph to web swing around NYC so fluently without bugs or glitches. Here and some reasons why I think it is the best Video game EVER!! 1. The combat is fast paced and NEVER get old or boring. 2. The story is Engaging and has plenty of plot twists. And 3. The characters are REALLY well developed! Plus the Soundtrack is fricken awesome!!
Marvel’s Spider-Man is a relatively easy and fun game to play for pre-teens and teenagers. Many adults would also enjoy this game for it’s wittiness, puzzle solving, fighting style and positive messages. I personally loved this game and it deserved the “best game of the year award”. There are little to none concerns for you or your child. There is minor swearing, a few drug references (Spidey takes down drug dealers) and a small sexual reference that is difficult to pick up in the DLC, which is completely optional by the way. There is also some kissing (one scene) and fighting. There is absolutely no blood whatsoever and Spidey never kills his enemies. The game is relatively easy to play and the fun never ends. It is also quite long and enjoyable and is true nostalgia for the original Spider-Man gamers and viewers. The elements in this game are also very similar to the Batman Arkham Series. So overall, I believe 10+ or 11+ would better suit this game.
This game is an open world game, where you choose what you do, you can follow the story mode, or work on the countless side missions provided around the city. There is almost no blood, the only violence is when you encounter thugs with guns, and the only language is like 2 times in the game when Peter says Sh*t or Da*n. There are no sexual themes whatsoever in this game, and it teaches kids good lessons about putting yourself before others. Kudos to Insomniac
This game is so incredibly fun. The swinging is amazing, the fighting is on point, and the suits are super cool and stylish. A little swearing, violence is there, but there's almost no blood. The controls can be a bit tricky, but I got used to them real fast. Stan Lee does appear in a cameo, which is awesome. (R.I.P.) I love this game and I highly recommend it!
This Game is the perfect definition of The Classic Superhero!!, Amazing Dialogue, Beautiful Landscapes, Dazzling Graphics and awesome game-play, you play as the Web-Slinger to face off several villains within Spidey's Rogue's Gallery ( Doc Ock, Vulture, Electro, Scorpion (Mac Gargan not the Ninja) Shocker, Tombstone, The Rhino, Hammerhead , Taskmaster, Kingpin, and the mysterious Mr. Negative It also has many famous costumes in Spider-Mans' Wardrobe as well, if you are looking for a game with awesome game-play, a heart-breaking story and is just plain fun for older kids and adults alike then you should play this game , it does feature some language, some references to drugs, and politics, along with some very strong but not to graphic violence and some PG Language
This game is for (minimum) 8 year olds, tough the ideal age is 13 (hence teen rating). If this was a film, it would be PG-13 for violence, language, some suggestive themes and a scene of terrorism. Yeah... TERRORISM. I played this when I was 8, but it was hardly bad. Also, some frequent language includes sh*t, ass, damn and b*tch used one time being muffled, with one being cut off by MJ, tough she doesn't say the word. The violence is pretty heavy, but there are strong role models (ESPECIALLY SPIDEY IN THE END). The playing is a bit hard, but when you see the tutorials and get used to it, you'll press square square square, X, O, and square. Sex isn't that bad, from what I remember. Drinking drugs and smoking is used, tough not frequently. It has Marvel characters, and that's the maximum of consumerism, tough it may tempt you to but the 3 DLC, which I played, and it's about the same as the game.
Spider man is a fighting game no doubt and its awesome! Spider man saving new york from Dr. Octupus who unleashed a pathogen. However, The game does show acts of terrorism which can be disturbing to younger kids who thought "I lOvE sPiDeR mAn". Other than that nothing else
Good game, very entertaining with really good graphics and nice sound effects. A lot of violence and language but violence typical of Spider man-shooting webs and getting shot at. Language is mostly the B word, the S word and the A word. There is a bad guy named Tombstone who deals and sells drugs to people and there is a lot of drinking. Depending on the player's maturity, it should be fine for 12 and up.
About the same level of, well, everything as a 12A (or PG-13) movie. It’s really bad that it received a pegi 16 rating over here in the UK. Suitable for nine year olds. Great game, mild violence, pegi sucks.
Spider-Man is like always, fighting crime in NYC, and there are some swearing, such as "crap", " damn", "hell", and more, so make sure you think about that before buying your kids this game. Lots of Fantasy Violence including Weapon use, punching, kicking, throwing, and more.
