Not As Bad
Idk why they said 18 plus personally I think it should be 10 plus if you’re mature enough and don’t repeat what’s in the game
Great, but darker than most Fire Emblem games
Great story and gameplay, deep messages and conflicts that could be better understood by older kids
An amazing strategy RPG, with a few more serious parts
fire emblem three houses the game for different people
Good but easy
Good, exercises your brain
WOW. JUST WOW.
Awesome soundtrack but dark themes
Great!
Very good
This newest addition to the Fire Emblem series takes a darker turn, when the cutscenes and dialogue involve massacres, getting stabbed, and other violent deaths of characters. There is not much language, besides d***. It is a lot more realistic, and the characters are relateable, and whichever house you don't choose, and the characters you don't recruit, you will be forced to kill later. Many characters have tragic backstories. There are many innuendoes, and one character is called, "a skirt chaser" by his house leader. This is the first Fire Emblem game to have same-gender marriage options. There are a few flirty characters, and a few females have revealing outfits, although they are not nearly as terrible as other characters from other Fire Emblem games. Gameplay wise, the game is amazing, and it really makes you think hard about where to put your characters and how to keep them safe. It's much more advanced than your average Fire Emblem game, and it has new features. However, I prefer the older games. Gameplay is a bit difficult, so it takes a while to get used to the controls. There are a few references to alcohol.
The game features a lot of great storytelling but the decisions to choose between houses and go against former allies can be difficult and at times heartbreaking, moreover theres a lot of violence and gore (although toned down than it realistically should be) that can make the game better suited for older teenagers. Otherwise it's a great game set in a land akin to Medieval Europe that emphasizes creating bonds with your students and making the right decisions.
Being a big Fire Emblem fan myself, I have to say it’s not as bad as some of the other games. The game has you choose between 3 of the academy’s houses, which gives you different endings for the different houses. You always fight the good fight, defeating baddies during missions. Some of the students wish to be knights, hence the duty, honor, and chivalry. The gameplay is very straightforward and simple once you get used to it a bit. Language is very mild, with some of the words “damn” and “hell” used rarely. There is almost no gore whatsoever (At one point there is blood shown on a knife, but not the victim). Warning! Mild spoilers: During the second part, you are engaged in a war, which your character is the commander of an army. Lots of talk about war and it’s consequences during this part. So anyway, this game is good for 11 year olds at minimum, or maybe a ten year old, depending if they are mature enough to handle some emotional parts.
fire emblem is known as a stragaty game, with tile based movement and the famous permadeath (if a unit dies he STAYS DEAD) don't be worried theirs a mode called casual mode it basically turns it off so the language is basic like D---m and basically that the game can be pretty stressful at times and some flirting involved over all its a great game and a great game for newcomers. it may be hard to get used to it but once you learn its pretty easy to pick up.
I love fire emblem especially the older titles such as on the gba. This one’s pretty good too expect being a lot easier. You can turn back time so if you mess up, it doesn’t really matter. There’s a bit of language like hell and crap but nothing crazy. Some characters wear revealing outfits but nothing like the past entry: Fates. The main thing I would say that isn’t the greatest for younger kids is the complex story. A great deal of characters all of have past trauma and have committed crimes. The story is also primarily anti-religion so religious families may feel uncomfortable with it.
This is a great game, it forces you to make very hard decisions, especially if you chose to do classic mode, where if one of your units dies, they are dead for good. I borrowed this game from a friend and it was great. I have played other fire emblem games, and this was my favorite. Although, the cutscenes show very violent deaths, (no spoilers) but the deaths in the game itself are not violent.
I love this game. The animated cutscenes look stunning,The story is engaging,the characters are great, the gameplay is fun(Although quite hard), the voice acting is solid, the music is memorable.... I've never got sucked into a game this hard ever since Cuphead. However, you can't have a same sex marriage with a samurai magician from the middle ages in Cuphead,so.... The game has mild language,intermediate violence and romance elements that make it suitable towards teenagers and above. I have a few nitpicks, but those mostly don't matter.
In this game, you play as a professor and a mercenary (male or female) in an academy in Garreg Mach. You lead one of three houses (excluding the DLC) and lead your students to excellence. The game is loosely based on a fantasy version of Christian Europe, where wyverns (pretty much dragons) and magic exists. This is rather violent, but only during cutscenes will the blood show. And even if it shows, it will be darkened or sometimes even black. Kids who buy this game might have problems understanding the games themes or dialogue, or the combat systems, but there are many visual guides and explanations. There's not much swearing; characters sometimes say damn, hell, crap, and minor swears, but the occasional 'bastard' that is only said 1 or 2 times. Many characters are nobles and some are even born in poverty, but that doesn't stop them from achieving their own goals and becoming knights or leaders of kingdoms. The blood is also replaced by screams or yells of pain, but some characters express remorse for them. There is only one highly suggestive character, and that is Manuela. She is an opera dancer and has a terrible love life. She often tries to date you and sometimes even says that her cooking has been labeled seductive. There is one skirt chaser who pretty much dates every girl he sees, even going so far as to date chickens, horses and even someone's grandmother. Though these relationships last less than a day and are only for laughs. Love is a prominent theme in FE3H as you can build bonds with characters. You can increase them by sharing a meal, cooking with them, gifting, finding a lost item, conversing and even through battle. Once a bond has been raised to S, you can ask them out at the end of the game and marry them. There are also same sex relationships. This game can be light-hearted sometimes where there is no conflict going on but can get dark even to the point of you having to kill your own friends that you spent time with.
This game is great, and easy to play (depending on what difficulty you choose) but has mild sexual themes ranging from going on dates (tea parties) with others to marrying other characters. This game is really good, and more about the characters than about the gameplay and story. There is also no blood in the game, although people do die and are murdered.
Good story, good characters and only some violence. This game can teach you how to persevere. Very good. I'd recommend this to anyone!
Great mind bending challanging game
This game is easy to pick up and start playing but I had a lot of trouble finishing it so if your getting it for younger kids this game gets really tough and they might get frustrated but other than that this game is an amazing buy. The other concern is online play and you can't control how other people will talk and act soo if your kids are younger id stay clear of that until they are at least 13.
Good story
Great game has violence, language, and alcohol
Should not be 18
Beyond Two Soul's Review:
Cinematic singleplayer game with deep story
Criminally underrated
Great if your kid is mature
A GREAT game!
Deep
Best
NOOT BAAD
Amazing game but not for those under 14
Beautful Story But Mature
Beyond: Two Souls good but not as interesting as Heavy Rain
a point and click
Should be great for kids 10+
VERY GOOD GAME
Good Game, But not up with the standards of their previous game, Heavy Rain
Beyond Two Souls is a cinematic like game, one that you’d probably only play once, maybe twice for hidden eggs or nostalgic purposes, but it’s worth it. I wouldn’t say this games my favourite, not even my top 3, but I definitely recommend it, but only if you’re not looking for much a challenge. It does have quick time events, but from what I know, you can’t die from any of them. It involves violence that you can choose to avoid (but sometimes avoiding it is the wrong decision), an example *SPOILER ALERT* is a scene where the protaganist, Jodie, sneaks out to go to a bar and almost gets molested. That’s where you come in as Aiden, you’re forced to hurt/kill them to save Jodie, but you also choose how far you go with it, either you can leave it with killing them, or start destroying everything. Though, I wouldn’t say this game is 18+. Of course, some themes are pretty mature, I’d say that as long as your child is mature and knows the difference between good and bad, let them play it. It shows you the consequences of your actions, and has some really good and memorable moments. No nudity, one scene where you can choose to have sex (but it’s not shown and you can choose not to have sex) and really no drug/alcohol use. It shows what it’s like to be homeless, to be in the military (kinda) and what it’s like to be given away.
This should not be 18+. I played it when I was 12 (i’m 13 now) and I didn’t know it was 18+. I thought it was like 13+ because it wasn’t scary or anything. Yes it is much swearing and a little drinking and stuff but nothing a 13 year old can’t handle. I think that people are a little overreacting when they say that this should be 18+. And there is nothing sexy stuff in it. My mom watched me playing a little and she was even surprised that it was 18+
Well the game is fine at the beginning, but when you are on missions you might have to choke some guys down or kill them. The game doesn't contain that much gore. It's basically just death and blood. For me the game was really normal and calm and exciting. Yes, it is gun shooting. And it does have some romance scenes but they aren't showing any naked bodies. The game does swear.. But overall it's good. And I recommend it for teens especially. Those who are 8,9,10,11 might get shocked by it or get disgusted by the violence and blood. So don't let one of your younger children get the hands on this game! :^]
This game isn’t for kids, but it is ok for older teens.
I am a 14 year old girl, and I don’t think this game should’ve been 18+ yes it does have a lot of curse words and it has some blood in it, it also contains drugs and suicide and rape, all very serious subjects. It has some sex scenes aswell, but does not show anything that a 16 year old couldn’t handle. This game is really emotional aswell. It contains some violence. In my opinion this game is something a 16 year old could handle as I mentioned earlier. Not all 16 year olds are the same though. I was 14, and I know that a lot of 14 year olds wouldn’t be able to handle this game, but I know a lot that 16 year olds would.
It is an amazing game! It has a mix of emotions. There is quite strong violance and swearing but there is not much sex. That's why I would recommend this game 15+
The game has one hell of story that deals with, homelessness, acceptance, sexual assault and more. You take the role as a female character who has been living with a ghost all her life. Violence isn't that frequent, but is bloody. Blood is resulted in shooting enemies. You punch, kick, snap necks and possess enemies to kill other enemies. Language is occasional and strong; a-words, f-words, s-words. Sexuality is a factor. The game includes a man attempting to rape a young girl, another man willing to pay a homeless girl to give him a bl**job and a making out scene.
Beyond: Two Souls is definitely on my top 5 games. I have played games like Uncharted, The Last of Us, Red Dead Redemption 2, the Fallout, Skyrim etc. and this is still among the best I have played. I know this game doesn't have the best reviews, but before you decide the game is not good, play it and decide for yourself. Aside from a few scenes with violence, this game contains nothing worse than a PG-13 movie would.
There is a sex scene (with clothes on,) but if your kid is mature enough, then you should let them play it. It has a really good storyline, and you get emotionally connected to the character. There is a lot of violence, like fighting, suicide references, but if your kid is mature they'll be fine with it.
Beyond two souls is a really good game. It makes you cry,excited and it is adventurous. I don't really want to spoil the game, but it's about a girl and she has a "sidekick?" named Aiden. You can't see him, he is some ghost/spirit who protects her. Aiden can cause damage and there are very little "ooh" scenes but I play this game with my mom and even she likes it.
Beyond two souls is a deep emotional journey through Jodie's life. This game is defiantly a light M (which is the complete opposite of David Cage's previous game) and gets a 89.9/100 (A-)
I think this game is brilliant it is good for most ages (12 and up)
nothing bad. okay one sex scene(and they have clothes on :D)and thats scene is nothing! In finland anomalisa is rated 12 and up and in anomalisa there is very realistic sex scene so why NOT! btw violence is not bad in this game
While I this is an amazing game to play with an awesome back story, it is NOT a game for kids. Not only is there brief nudity (in one of the many endings) but there is implied sex. While the whole walking around in underwear isn't that big of a deal seeing that Jodie is wearing a shirt and you see worse at the beach, there are scenes that definitely aren't for kids 14 and under. I thought fifteen would be a good age seeing as they are most likely already in high school and exposed to many things.
this game besides its somewhat extremly innapropite game has the beautful storyline and acting and visuals enough to be an oscar award winning film
From quantum dreams, Beyond two souls really impressed me as i was a big fan of heavy rain, i hoped high for David cage and i enjoyed every second of this game. This has action but be warned it is extremely creepy and scary with a couple of jump scares. I got really annoyed with the way it went forward and back in time but you'll understand the story.Is it better than Heavy Rain? NO! Heavy rain has a better story and controls but Jodie (Ellen Page) in beyond two souls CANNOT die. Still, exceptional execution of gameplay.
this is basically a point and click adventure though it has many themes this is fiction like and supernatural so unrealistic things happen like the paranormal friend in the game
Ok so this game might seem bad at a first glance... It truly isn't. Although there is a lot of cussing in the game. Blood is in very small cuts and large "gore" as you would call it rarely happens and I am yet to see it happen. The violence is happening often but mostly it is fighting with your entity against other entity's. Even with fighting with Jodie, the main character, it's normally fist fighting and a gun is very rarely in her hand. Sexual activity is at a low even though some people would say otherwise. All in all this is an utterly amazing game. The game makes you feel emotional along with the characters and makes you feel IN the game. Amazing cut scenes, action, and visuals are great and I think that this game is great for kids.
This Game is very good but not for young kids it has violence and kissing but not really any sex. You can cause much damage with Aiden (Jodie's inside friend) and you fight a lot as Jodie as well. This is a amazing game with an amazing story an I'm sure many people will love it.
good game, Good Things,Great Story, Fantastic Graphics, Really Emotional,Ellen Page Bad Things, Combat Hard to understand, your character is invincible some bad acting
