The game is awesome, I don't know where common sense media was going with the age rating
Amazing!
Fantastic solid Action-packed Avengers game protrays teamwork
Common Sense Media rated this one incorrectly. It's amazing, but they said 14+ which is not true. The game has some violence, mild language, but no blood or sex.
This game is soooo good. It is for older kids with a few scary faces, and violence but no blood as I remember. It pursues Teamwork as players will team up and work together to defeat evil! The game has great graphics, story, and roster. The DLC isn't too expensive and because I havent bought it yet, I presume it will be amazing as the main game is awesome. not gonna lie, the game is VERY hard for kids. All aside, great game.
Parents need to know that Marvel Ultimate Alience 3 is the third game in the Ultimate Alience Franchise. But unlike the others this is its own standalone threequel. The story is about the infinity stones and to stop thanos with your own Alience like in Infinity War and Endgame. In order to stop Thanos Teamwork and messages are key in order to stop thanos with excellent role models. Living up to a Marvel game be ready for lots of superpowered Sci-Fi Combat with intense confrontations players turning to dust. Plus once a character on your side gets knocked out than it happens in a climatic intense sequence commonly. There is a bit of blood in fights but it is generally the Sci-Fi space fights that show. There is some rude humor with a few uses of stupid and idiot also some reveling outfits but nothing that bad. But along with Exellent role models and amazing messages and this is a fantastic game that lots of gamers should play. The controls are easy but the bosses can lead to raging when knocked out a lot.
Good game but can be a bit shaky.
Wonderful sandbox game with strong emphasis on social interaction
This game has an in-game store where you can buy items for real money. It has a language filter but 1. There is an easily accessible option to turn it off, and 2. People have found ways to get around the language filter (say bad words and not get it filtered out). Other than that, this is a pretty good game.
It's a great game. It's main aspect is the emphasis on social interaction. It is surely an upside, but could easily turn into a downside without parental supervision. I believe that kids older than 12 are mature enough to play the game it was meant to be played - finding friends, building worlds together, earning profit, etc. It's a powerful learning tool which could teach your child a bit about how economics work due to a complete player controlled economy in-game.
Probably one of the best games I have played
Great game although something too know is that near the end there is a pool of blood and lots of dead bodies but the blood looks more like kool-aid and the game often brings up that the world is a illusion so only more mature children should play this game, the game is sometimes confusing at parts but overall an amazing game!
Great Game!
Got tis when it relesed for me Xbox, great game, definitely a good amount of violence and drinking, but I mean, if you've sen tat stuff be4, u shuld be gud.
Nice game to play once in a while...
It is a very fun game to play here and there. The music is on point, the story is funny and so on. Violence is animated. You fight other skeletons in turn based action, with swords and arrows. At the beginning scene, a samurai general is impaled, with a pool of red blood around him. Though this is in cartoon form.
A great game based on the great anime and manga “attack on Titan” this game is really fun and is a great experience for people who have watched the game
Great game, not for kids though.
Contains a lot of blood so I wouldn’t recommend for people who can’t handle much blood, but is fine for more mature teens. Contains light swear words from time to time but nothing too explicit
I played this on the Nintendo Switch and it has a great story (watch the anime and read the manga first), quite a lot of blood , as you have to carve Titan's necks open, and the odd sh** and bas**** every now and then.
The game can be slow at times, and combat isn't too engaging
Amazing game
Final Fantasy XIV Online: Shadowbringers is an expansion to FF XIV Online. The beginning can be a little slow and complicated for beginners. Violence is fantasy like. Use of magical powers and swords are present. Strikes from enemies or to enemies result in no blood, only numbers indicating damage. Language is infrequent, maybe even heard once in the entire game. Use of "$h!t " Sexuality in the form of innuendo and partial nudity. Calling women "whores." You can see pictures or posters of women in revealing clothing. STD's are referenced in game as well.
I think this is a fantastic game with amazing visuals and a story that will have you crying into the arm of your chair. In a good way. I would say age 12 and up, but I think a brave 10 or 11 year old could try it too, providing they were already decent at video games since this game is quite challenging. The community is very kind and welcoming too. Some advice would be to NOT BUY A STORY SKIP. It’s completely worth playing through the other packs before this one, since the story will make a lot more sense and the whole story is entirely worth playing. The game has a lot of content and you will always have lots to do. Some warnings would be that the game does have mild blood, a bit of swearing and some scary scenes, especially in Shadowbringers.
Mario Maker builds it's way to Nintendo Switch in a disappointing sequel
A Fun game for Creative kids.
one of the worst games
fun for everyone
Now THIS is how you make Mario Levels!
Mario Maker 2, Worth It!
everyone should play this
Best game!
Amazing
Mario Maker 2
Great game, be prepared for some objects you've hoped for to not exist. (Talking about New Super Mario Bros. U)
Parental guidance advised for online play
Great Game That Promotes Creativity
This game is amazing!
Great Game
AWESOME!!!
One of the best Nintendo games out there.
Mario maker 2
SMM2 is cool
When this game was announced, I was hyped, but then now it's released, I'm disappointed, I was really hoping they would add more than 1 new game style, more enemies and more, but instead, we get nearly no new features, and many features where removed! And worst of all, you have to buy the Switch Online subscription to even play the online levels now! Do not buy!
This game, while easily accessible for younger kids, I feel is better suited for kids and teens with an idea of what good game design is. The game is only as good as your imagination and experience with past Mario games. If your kid is new to platformers or real young, even though the game is appropriate they may not find it fun. Violence is minimal, and is probably appropriate for kids 6+ with kids being able to find it fun at around 11+
i loved the first game but i hate this one. they added nearly nothing and removed a lot. also you have to get online which is expensive. dont bother
mario and luigi are positive role models and the violence is very chessy but overall is amazing
Mario Maker 1 was amazing, and Mario Maker 3ds was... lacking. But, this improves (and fixes, in the 3ds’s case!) all of these issues! You have more pieces (like slopes!), and you can play this game properly in handheld mode! If you know how Mario works, you can play this. There are also many tips to help you learn how to make a level, so this is amazing. The only downside? NO AMIIBO COSTUMES! Guess amiibos are just for Smash Bros now... but other than that, amazing game!
The newly Mario Maker 2 is just the game to play when you are boring yourself to death. The graphic quality of Mario Maker 2 has splendid and realistic movements, and it will make everything seem so life-like and smooth. I think the graphics make me imagine as if I am also there. The best feature of Course World is that you can find what you want: Levels of Easy, Normal, Expert, or Super Expert. You can also find the courses where they were made, as in Australia, USA, Europe, etc. You can get all kinds of playing modes: Course Maker, Course World, Story Mode, and Online Multiplayer Co-op/VS. Although some people may think that the characters in Mario Maker 2 may be basic and boring, I think that the characters are unique in certain ways, such as the various patterns on the characters, and the sounds the characters make when they die, jump, or power up. Next time when you are unhappy, gloomy, or bored, just pick up a gaming console and go play.. Not only that the graphic quality is specific, the online player quality is also so epic, that this exciting game will get you addicted to it in no time!
everyone should play this USE YOUR IMAGINATION
Super Mario Maker 2 is a very good game. You can build levels and even worlds. It's really cool
This game is awesome (thanks to new updates)
Definitely an upgrade from the first. Easy to use, navigate, simple interface, etc. A lot of tutorials if you or your kid/s.
Great game, nothing inappropriate. New Super Mario Bros. U disappoints me way too much! They don't even have the simple acorn power up or the flying squirrels! You can only have 1 sub area while NSMBU had 2.. or more! If you play NSMBU (Wii U), you will release how much more there is in that game other than SMM2. But it's a very fun game, so I recommend.
Super Mario Maker 2's offline contents are suitable for all ages. Super Mario Maker 2's online contents are not suitable for all ages. While Super Mario Maker 2's online community is moderated to some regard, not everything a child may see can be seen as "child friendly". While infrequent, user generated comments that appear on online levels may show coarse language, sexual references, or anything not suited for "ages 6+". A child may still play this game, though parents should take caution when letting their children play levels submitted online.
This game is so much fun. I love playing it with my siblings and creating worlds is very easy. You can play other people’s games or make your own with a very easy interface. I would recommend it for kids who are a little older, because some of the levels can be hard. They are always possible because the creator has to beat the level to post it.
A very creative game, good for your child imagination, even fun for adults!
A lot better than the first one with so many more things to do. The story mode is quick and easy and let's you get a ton of extra stuff. I would recommend this game to anyone.
Very great game to play with your family on the switch. I got it for my Nintendo switch on the day it came out. It is a very fun game
There is plenty to enjoy in this title. While hundreds of little ticks were removed there is TONS added. Multiplayer, to let your kids run around in a 2d plain with friends over! Plus, nothing like references to alcohol or that much is in here. I've played this for over 150 hours and not only do you get a full-on story mode but the opportunity to create your own game out of 5 titles present, such as Super Mario Bros, Super Mario Bros 3, World, U, and 3D World! I never thought it would work but I was VERY wrong.
want bascs for level maiking? GET THIS GAME
This game is great for any age the violence is not glorified and level creation is easy to wrap your head around also Nintendo manages to keep inappropriate things out of comment sections
So cool, every kid worth they’re salt should have it!
Creative, fun and difficult game.
MM2
Great, Fun Game!
Super Mario Maker 2 is a game where you build you’re very own game levels and share them online where You can also play other people’s games! Although the Mario part about it doesn’t sound so profane or violent, the online content can be at a moderate level. Throughout ONLINE gameplay, you’ll see people commenting things like “Vape Nation”, “Godd*mn Odrisscol Gang” And other language that isn’t any stronger then sh*t. These comments would usually be optional to look at, but in this game comments are seen inside levels! If the content is too sexual, profane, violent, or offensive Nintendo will take it down, but that doesn’t mean they won’t allow some mature themes. During story mode, Characters will swear and drop suggestive comments occasionally. There is one use of cr*p and 2 uses of d*mn. You won’t see any violent graphic things other then Mario’s mushroom stomp or Meowsers head crushing move (with some crunching sounds). All violent and bad things aside, players encourage each other in Versus and Cooperative game modes with limited chat design that only allows nice things like “nice work!”, “great job!”, “thanks” but with an exception of the frustrated statement “how?!?!”. OVERALL: Although Maria maker has some nasty chat comments, it promotes lots of team work, and nice words!
I have given it a higher age rating due to some profane user-given comments, as well as some rage inducing levels, and I doubt a lot of kids bellow this age will create quality levels.
Love this game! It's really simple and you don't just have to make courses, you can make almost whatever comes to your mind and test out new ideas. I love how you can play other courses other players have shared and share your own courses. Also its handy since its on multiple Nintendo devices. A bit of violence though for little kids but otherwise great!
Awesome for Kids
I have started playing this game a lot since it came out, and let me tell you, I have heard 0 uses of profanity. The violence is limited and the gore isn't high at all. The only thing I would caution is there are some scenes that could be frightening because of the supernatural theme.
