Impressive, addictive and just plain racing fun
Very intense, amazing!
Now I am a F1 fan but
F1 2019 is one of the best F1 games I've ever played. There are a bunch of new improvements, fun tracks, and thrilling multiplayer racing. Though violence is vehicular, crashes can be very violent. You sometimes see other cars crashing into others, or cars flipping after being rammed into a little collision. Car crashes are realistic, though no one is seen hurt.
The game is really nice, it's super fun! Really, any age can play, like a 10 year old.
OK, I may be a F1 fan but this game even if you rent is really fun. You can play as Lewis Hamilton in the top Mercedes or race as George Russell in the rock bottom Williams and another person said violence and scariness. While crashes can cause cars to flip over there's no fire or injuries or blood or deaths and when you crash your engineer asks "Are you OK" or something like that. Must play
Great game
Worst Zelda Game
Great game but very challenging.
I Really Love Zelda, It’s My Favorite Game! But C’mon! This Game Comparring With The Others It’s Awful
MATURE TEENS
Good game but not for kids
Hardcore emotional game not for kids
Psychological
You need to be mature
Warning!! Not for teens!
Heavy Rain
Great game with some great messages
emotional deep story that shows the importance of family and morality
Good story with mature themes
the best game
Too much sex and swearing
BE WITH YOUR KIDS WHEN PLAYING!
Great game
From A Teen Who Loves The Game
don't know
Good for 12 up but PG
Extremely emotional.Made my 10 year old lil brother cry.
M means M!!!!!
A dark but fantastic game.
i have beat this game 2 times. both playthroughs were extremely enjoyable. the story follows 4 characters a divorced down on his luck father, a FBI agent, a PI, and an extremely hot reporter. All of the characters are working towards the same goal, finding Ethan mars' (the dad) son, who has been kidnapped by a serial killer that wants to test the willingness of a father to risk his life to safe his son. it is a gritty game that deals with a MURDERER OF CHILDREN, relationships between the characters (and i do mean RELATIONSHIPS!!). i literally haven't seen a better story in a game..... like ever, but defiantly consider the things that you or your child can handle. great game that you will be more than willing to put effort into. For mature teens
It was an amazing game. It had a great story line. The themes of murder, drug addiction, and prostitution were fine for me (a 13 year old girl) but the nudity and gore were WAY too much. On multiple occasions did I play as a dad doing crazy things that pieces of paper told me to do. At one point in the game you cut your finger off with a rusty knife in front of a camera. And instead of being a cutscene there was actual gameplay. This was really disturbing to me when I played it. If your kid wants to play a game like this I would recommend Detroit become human.
This game was what I would describe as a beautiful emotional rollercoaster. The game is heart wrenching, but the plot and soundtrack are amazing, and the mystery is genuinely hard to figure out. There is a lot of gore and sex, making it not a good game for kids, but for adults, it is a true masterpiece. There is frequent cursing and some full nudity. There are some positive messages about the importance of family, but for the most part it is not there to teach a lesson, and is there to provide a fun and sad mystery game. The controls are hard to get the hang of, but eventually you'll get used to it.
This game has been described as a dark action-adventure based gritty film noir game. I haven't played it, but I saw a gameplay...the dude made the game seem a bit lighthearted thanks to his humor. that being said, this game is violent, there's a ton of nudity (but keep in mind that this is a choice based game and the nudity is avoidable), and has many depressing themes. Plus the ending will blow your mind to smithereens. The game gets a 88.9/100 (A-)
It's a great game. But you need to be quite mature to play this.
When I played the game, it was good and appropriate up to the nude scenes. At that point I stopped playing the game for good. So why does the BBFC classify this as 15 when it should be 18? Not worth spending money on.
A GREAT message for kids, the lesson is don't wander off by yourself, there is consequences! Most of the sexual content is avoidable, a woman is forced to strip for a man at gunpoint (unavoidable), a man can have sex with a woman with her breasts showing (avoidable), a prostitute is seen... Also some violence that is not very graphic, a couple of violent fight scenes with blood, it is implied that boys are drowned, people are shot and killed every once in a while. Brief strong language 4 uses of f#ck, 10 uses of goddamn, 3 uses of shit, maybe 2 uses of bastard. Some drinking, a man drinks whiskey, another man can drink a beer... It may be a little disturbing when you find who the killer is. If it were a movie it would be rated R for some language, disturbing violent content, and brief sexuality. I would reccomend 11+.
There is no doubt that this game is still quite violent at times and contains some mature content. But, you need to see past the content and look for the messages, this game has a great message. Ethan goes to extreme lengths to save his son, even killing a man, severing his own finger, and putting himself in reckless danger, but he doesn't indulge in this sort of thing and it shows what a good father would do for their children. Madison puts her own problems out of the way and helps Ethan even when he doesn't trust her. And even though Norman isn't the best role model all the time, he puts his addiction behind himself to help Ethan save his son. Even the main enemy does some good things for others, though his intentions and actions are completely flawed. Though the content of the game is questionable, there are clear lines between the good people and the main enemy.
In heavy rain you play as multiple characters investigating the case of the origami killer. This emotional story has some Judith and sexual content but it is optional to view it. The game is based on choices and you can choose if two characters do it or not. This is not just like gta 5 prostitutes and strip clubs. The characters are emotionally bonding throughout the game and you can decide to fall in love or not. There is also a fictional drug called triptocaine. One of the characters is an addict who is also an FBI investigator. Throughout the game this character may lose focus or his hands may shake uncontrollably. This indicates that you can make a choice to resist this addiction and try to break it or cave in and take the drugs. There is also some violence and blood. One of the trials to find the killer is to cut off one of the characters finger segments. This is optional, but doing it will get you closer to the killer. There are few sexual references the only one that stuck in my mind was when a woman in the game says..." I'll sell you my body, but I won't give you details about my son's murder." She does not actually sell you her body. You also do not have the option to buy her body. The whole storyline is tailored by what you do and the risks you take. This is a game for more mature teens who would understand the morality and content of the game.
The game puts you in the shoes of four adults linked to a serial killer know as the origami killer. One characters son is captured and all hell breaks loose. it can be depressing considering that the character has been through so much. There is occasional blood and one scene where you strip but you can just remove your top and whack the person with a lamp. One off scene of nudity and strong language. Overall, very depressing with sexual themes and bad language however very little blood and just one drug reference.However, in the taxidermist dlc pack, you encounter a psychopath that stuffs his victims and you can impale him with a chainsaw. For 16+.
it is the best game i have ever played. I played that game in my 12 there is no soooo many sex scenes. Just sometimes the story can continue in bars...
Some violence ( Cutting his own finger ) and too much sex ( Shower scene,Strip dance scene by Madison 1 of the 4 main character and you can control her to showing off her bare breast and underwear and sex scene ) and too much swearing.
This game is overall a game I wouldn't let a kid play because it has 2 sex scenes. My mom had to play it when there was sex. If you are not worried about sex, then this game is ok. But I strongly recommend you play this game with you son/daughter and make them go out of the room when there is sex.
The Game is Fantastic Ultra-Realistic and is amazing Graphics I'm 13 I own this, this game is ultra ultra great the Father is a Hero and a great role-model I love this game
With the games dark topics, strong subject matter, and placement of the player into the actual game, it could be a lot for kids. As long as the person playing is mature enough to understand the subjects that are going on, 15 year olds and up should be fine. Summing up of the story: You play as four different characters: Ethan Mars: Father of a child kidnapped by the Origami Killer Madison Paige: A journalist covering the story of the Origami Killer Norman Jayden: FBI Agent on the Origami Killer case Scott Shelby: Private Detective The Origami Killer has been kidnapping children for the past few years, and his latest kidnapping is of Shawn Mars. When you play as Ethan Mars, you go through different trials, which, when completed, give you clues to where Shawn is. To hear the rest of the story, either play it for yourself, or watch some game-play.
I don't really know what I should rate this. But I think that u can avoid all the second hand stuff. So it really depends what u do in the game. Others do other stuff and alot or most do nothing about all the under age content. Keep in touch for my ratings people :D
I wanted my dad to buy this but when i saw the beginning until the end i kinda got bored of it but it's really a wonderful game and allow kids to learn to always be on alert when they grow up and have kids
Made my brother cry but I found it really awesome.I played it when I was 8 and found it very interesting and quite dramatic at parts like the finger cutting scene.it has positive role models and a message too.Ethan Mars goes to unimaginable lengths even cutting off his own finger and drinking rat poison at the end ( he dosen't die as it was a test of how far you would get to save your son but other than that I'm not giving away anything to people have not played this .He is responsible and the other characters too sacrifice a lot to save Shaun(Ethan's son,kidnapped by the Origami killer) .Message: How far would you go to save a loved one?And there's the other emotional part where (MAJOR SPOILER!) P.S If you have not played this game it would be wise for you to skip this section and this is the end of the review.additional stuff is nonsensical.Only read this if you haven't played the game but want it very badly and your mum or dad won't get it for you bcuz it's too violent. In one sequence,we see the Origami killer's brother drowning in a construction yard.This is envitable and is a flashback .After this,the Origami killer gets deep in depression and changes his name to Scott Shelby.he starts drowning small children in rainwater when their time runs out and the objectives are failed and throughout the game we see the corpses .Depending on how good you are the game,you can kill characters like the part where you are strapped to the table and you must shake off the restraints and fight the enemy before he comes back or you can be drilled in the leg.There is nothing to worry about in all the sequences mentioned except for the emotional value not for sensitive people.w
Really... My best guy friend plays this all the time. I tell him that it is rated M... For mature... but he never listens. I always cover my eyes when the naked comes on (Witch is 3/4 of the time)so I rarly see his house.
As a 14 year old, its a dark but fantastic game with heavy morales. The game isn't meant for kids since there is a good chance they'll get bored because its not Halo or doesn't have huge explosions. It also is because the controls are complex along with the story and its REALLY depressing. I enjoyed the game for what it is and it if you want a great story with characters that feel like humans, get this game.
m means m here
Amazing.
Perfect for more mature players. Not suited for kids.
-12: No 13-15: If Mature 15+: Yes
Heavy Rain
Redefines video games as an art form, but NO KIDS SHOULD PLAY HEAVY RAIN
15+
okay for 12 up
INCREDIBLE GAME!!!!
Excellent, realistic game good for those 10th grade-college teens
some nudity (breasts only) but violence isnt too bad only theme of game. good for teens
Amazing game 5/5!!!!!!!
WOAH! this game is hardcore and full of violence. Nudity isn't necessary and just overall an adult game. NOT FOR KIDS! Bad language is constant with a lot of drinking. Nudity is by far the worst.
The man is trying to save his son. There is some onscreen nudity.
What an amazing game. It does more than what a movie could ever do. Everyone should play this game at some time in their life. Yes, there is more nudity than most games, but honestly, by now, your kids have probably already seen breasts. Can't keep them hidden forever. Though, the younger kids will most likely get the true mentality of the game.
Heavy Rain is by far one of the best PS3 games out there. It's a very realistic and mature game, so kids really shouldn't watch or play this game, as it contains violence, some heavy swearing and nudity. But overall a very exciting and emotional gaming experience.
this game is not M! the only Violence is there are a couple of fist fights and there are dead bodes.
Heavy Rain is interesting in the aspect that it doesn't try to be offensive. Letting your child play this game isn't a question of age, but rather maturity. HR contains Violence, Sex, Language and Drugs, but the themes, regardless of how dark they are, serve an ultimately positive moral. Characters in the game may have a darkened past, but mostly serve as great role-models for children aspiring to grow into a righteous adult at some point in their lives.
To me its more like a movie than game every choice changes the story and it fun
Great game But it could go with out the nudity
Heavy Rain doesn't even seem like a video game. There simply hasn't been any other game quite like it, even with the advent of games such as Alan Wake and Shenmue (am I the only one who's heard of that amazing Dreamcast game?) that share its ambitions. Just because Heavy Rain isn't like anything else doesn't mean it isn't good. The developer, Quantic Dream, also developed a little-known game called Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy, and the influence from that game shows in Heavy Rain. Both games have cinematic elements interwoven within the gameplay, as well as a host of Quick Time Event sequences (when you have to move or press a specific button at the right moment in time). Heavy Rain puts you in the shoes of four people trying to stop a serial killer (codenamed The Origami Killer). The story has many red herrings and plot twists, and certainly does feel like a movie. However, that movie would be given a hard R rating, since this game is not for kids or young teens AT ALL. Violence, while infrequent, is quite detailed and unsettling. One character has to chop off his own finger in order to save his son (some blood can be seen, but the act is mostly implied). Another impales a man with a drill (also somewhat graphic), and in another scene, this same character tortures a man by squeezing his private area. The exact act isn't shown. There's a sex minigame that isn't as graphic as God of War, but is worth noting regardless. Nudity comes very close to being full-frontal, and one scene involves the female character stripping for a man. There are many f-bombs. Finally, there's use of Triptocaine (a fictional drug), what's presumably cocaine, marijuana, alcohol, and tobacco. However, like CSM said, this is only seen, and none of the main characters actually use the drugs. Overall, once again, if you're a mature gamer, you have to experience Heavy Rain.
amazing game but the story could be a bit to heavy for younger kids so 15+ should be ok
i think its harshly rated because you can avoid a lot of these things Jake
I bought this game last week. It is just incredible. One of the best games you can play. There is violence with blood, the worst being the dad cutting off his finger to save his son. It doesn't show it come off, but he screams and cries and it is pretty disturbing. Any of the sex described in the review is up to the player to participate in. There is drug use, the FBI profiler is addicted to triptocaine, but it is up to the player to use it. Strong language throughout the game. This game is great and I reccomend it to anyone.
I've seen videos of this game; it's so amazing! The controls are realistic, gameplay is realistic, all in all, a game worth the 60 bucks.
Amazing, best game you will play on ps3. really difficult controls but still outstanding
Great story, Great voice acting, Great everything!
Heavy Rain is really good; the only bad thing is that some plot elements are not fully explained, and the controls are a little annoying, but it's great. However, this is a VERY mature game. There's lots of dark violence, sex, nudity, drugs, language, anything you can think of. The role models are good though; a father endures great pain to try to save his son. I highly recommend this for anyone 17 years old.
