Fantastic Game, but hard to master
Particularly Dope
Easy Controlls
Crash Team Racing reaches the Finish Line in a great way.
Extremely fun but has a steep learning curve
Crash Team racing looks insane on PS4!
The only scary thing is Nina's Nightmare.
This game is a great game loaded with content, and is good for all ages. This game could be difficult for some, it takes time to get good and master the controls Young children would have trouble controlling this game as it's more of a skill based game (unlike Mario cart) You can play online races as well
This game is fantastic. It’s not like Mario kart as in there are very complicated rules and such in the game that make playing the game interesting. It revolves around having a drift mechanic with reserves. The controls feel great, as they are super responsive and don’t feel like a chore. You can have fun with this game at all ages. If you have younger kids or kids who don’t understand the mechanic, stay away from online. Otherwise, a fantastic game. People who love competitive games and kart racers will love this game. A must for any crash fan.
A great game but players may use a lot of weapons that shocks me a lot and the characters have no way to get hurt
A very good game I 100% disagree with this being rated 10 and up because there isn't much violence in this
Crash Team Racing Nitro-Fueled is a very decent game. although it is hard to play once you pick it up, you will learn with the Adventure Mode, where you are able to learn how the game works and all that. Online Servers will have Voice Chat in certain Video Game Consoles, for example, you aren't able to chat in the Nintendo Switch Version of the game, which I play on. In conclusion, i honestly think that CTR: Nitro-Fueled is a good game, and is recommended for kids ages 10+
Crash Team Racing isn’t your average Mario Kart wannabe, it’s great it’s its own way with unique features and has a lot of personality. However, it is more difficult than Mario Kart and I recommend having intermediate gaming skill if you want to really become good at this game. The game has a single player adventure mode, online functionality where you race other players, and also local split screen with up to 4 players. There are also no microtransactions and the game receives free content updates so there’s always something new. A very fun and refreshing experience!
Crash Team Racing is a high adrenaline, fast paced combat racing game, that was originally released on PS1. Violence is frequent but mild(although delivered in higher quality). Combat Racing games usually have cartoonish violence, this is no different. You pick up weapons mid race and take out your opponents and cartoony fashion(TNT, and other mild weapons). Vehicles spin out, flip over and fall off track.
Extremely fun, dumb, arcade, action shooter
Not even that bad
one of the best 2d shooters
Best Indie Game Ever
Ahahhahahahahah
Gory but silly shooter.
I played this in practically one sitting, it was so good, it’s a little awkward to control but once you get it down you’ll be doing back flips off walls while simultaneously shooting any enmities you see. It’s extremely fun to experiment your “focus” ability where you slow time down to plan out maneuvers, dodge bullets, and shoot at the same time. It is fairly gruesome but the blood can be disabled. I love the game and I let my little brother play a bit (gore off, of course) and he absolutely loved it. The worst thing I saw in the entire game is occasionally, an enemy will have a text box with s—t subtly being displayed but only the eagle eyed will see it.
This game is really fun and injoyable. Although I do recommend that kids 12 and up play because of the blood and some gory images, but you can go to the settings of the game and change it so that there is no blood when you kill someone. Overall it’s a great game that is far worth the price and that I suggest getting!
Its like halo and has no gore
My friend pedro is a great game that is easy to play once you get used to the controls. It has a bit of gore but that can be turned off. It's a kind of crazy game
It has some blood (that can be turned off), Guns, and language but nothing to bad.
I finished this game in a day, and oh my, it was “wonderful” a talking banana, a random guy, and guns. For mature content, I’d like to say there is some language, but it is limited to written S words. Violence is the most prominent, and is surprisingly brutal. You know how there are those movies out there with kid ideas, but are super gory and brutal? This is one of those. You “eradicate” engines with kicks, billets, explosives, pans, basketballs, and skateboards. There is a ton of blood, and fairly frequent gore once you get shotguns, and a Bernard launcher kind of thing. But you can shoot barrels and blow up in chunks. I’m not going to lie this is an insanely enjoyable game, too short. Be warned there is not a great story, but that’s not the point.
My Friend Pedro is like a combination of geometry dash and some shooter game. You are given a pistol to start out with, where you have to shoot bad dudes in a 2d world. GOOD/NEUTRAL - Good story! It’s a very engaging game. - Progressing gives you weapons: along with the dual weld pistols you start out with (infinite ammo), you can pick up uzis, shotguns, snipers, and ar15s, each with limited ammo. It’s fun to be able to choose what weapon is best. BAD: - It’s a bit hard at times. SUMMARY: Fun but gory game. Worth a shot if you’re bored.
You can drown!!??
Pretty good... For the first few days.
Does anybody else notice that you can drown???
This Expansion to an already really good game and the fact that they just announced that Lego speed champions was in the game I immediately got It .
I love Forza Horizon 4. I love Lego. Together? Hmm. When this was unveiled, I didn't quite know what to think. I decided the only way I'd know if I liked it was to get it. I bit the bullet and paid the £16 for it and at first, I quite enjoyed it, and was quite a laugh. Here's where I start knocking it. Firstly, only three cars? :| I didn't let that bother me though as I went on to unlock the other two cars (which were not challenging to get at all). The customization and upgrades are a bit meh too. I then unlock the barn find and wait a couple of hours for it to finish. I'm confused so I return to my house. It tells me have to wait for the next content update to receive it. :| Now a little mad I then reluctantly beat The Goliath (also not very hard) and now it wants me build Lego dinosaurs. I'm sorry but this is 3 stars at best.
There is a positive message
I think that all persona games have a message good or bad but all of them include being your true self i have not played any persona game but i am in a while so i might update although back to topic this game also includes the being your true self theme by saying don't let anyone control your life story listen to the intro of the song and it will say many things about writing you true story thats also where the cinema part comes in. Although its tecnacly persona 5s message but updated. Have a nice day and get this game!
I love this game but it telling me to but I can't rate it on playstore
I love it lol
Great game, but very rigorous
This is a great game that has little violence even though the entire game is based on the fact that you will continue to die over and over again because you are in a time loop. It is a game suitable for all audiences but I recommend this for people that can really enjoy puzzles. My only concern is that there are monsters on one of the planets that look like angler fish. They're seriously freaky and Im not going to lie I screamed the first time I saw one. Other than that it is a great game for everyone.
A very interesting video game. I love the exploration and time looping feature, but I think some, especially younger kids, might find it frustrating or boring. It makes sense to be frustrated sometimes, but I think younger kids might give up easily. Considering it was just 30 dollars on release, I highly recommend it for anyone who like space, open-world, exploration, and puzzle-solving. the violence is extremely limited, fall damage being the most violent thing I remember.
Great game
I think that layers of fear 2 is great. It is good at building tension (especially at the beginning as you don’t know what to expect) and has a good number of jump scares. It would be a good first horror game to have. It builds up tension but you get scared in a fun way e.g you laugh about being scared. The jump scares are frequent but aren’t disturbing. I have not completed the game fully but so far: No gore No bad language No drugs No sex
Best FNaF, if not the best horror game ever
Dreadber
Pack an extra pair of pants
Let the kids play fnaf
One of the best horror experiences
Very scary, but definitely worth it in the end.
Fun VR Game Filled With Jumpshocks and Fun
Good game fam
mah favorite
ITS A REALLY FUN AND SCARY GAME TO GET your BLOOD PUMPING
Great depending on the level.
One of the best FNaF games
FNAF TO IT'S BEST!!!!!!!
Scary
Rating
VR Freddy!!
good game
I Love This Game
One of the best games Ive played in a while!
Really great VR horror game! - Overall the best Five Nights at Freddy's game to play!
I got the non-vr version for the switch a few days ago, and I absolutely love it. The game can be scary, but that's the best thing about it. get this game instead of the first three, because it has all three in it, with HD and 3D graphics that are 10x better. I highly recommend this.
I dink it's OK
This game is extremely scary and I am an extreme wimp so I never completed it but I might. There’s some good secrets to uncover and there are some dark themes but it’s alright
Five night at freddy's help wanted a.k.a fnaf is a combination of all of the fnaf games from the past couple years ,now from what I know fnaf is a horror game however it has no gore however the game itself is pretty scary, in f.n.a.f. you play as a night guard in a kid's pizzeria that has performing animatronics on a stage , arcade games and pizza(like a chuck e cheese ) only issue is they want to kill toy because inside the robots costumes are children's souls that want revenge , and the rest of the game is check cameras close doors and font let the animatronics (freddy the bear, bonnie the bunny, chica the chicken and foxy the pirate fox) kill you , its also really popular with kid's because of YouTube, where alot of gaming youtubers play the games and kid s like it so over all the games concept is dark but game isn't too bad. So if your kid wants to play fnaf let them play it, just don't let them turn around in the lobby you'll see a horrifying rabbit named glitchtrap who would mist likely give them nightmares.
Funnest Vr experience I’ve every had. The games were so fun. I always felt like I was on the edge of getting jump-scared. You can unlock prizes and you always get a little present after you win. Dreadbear DLC is plenty of fun.
I'm a big fan of all the FNAF games of the past, and none of them had really scared me. This one is definitely different, because instead of controlling somebody in an office through a computer screen, you are the somebody in an office. For the first 10 or so jumpscares, I generally got pretty scared (and by scared I mean startled, nothing that really stuck with me) but after that, I just became less of a game with a goal of try to survive so you don't get scared, and instead survive so you can win. If you aren't comfortable with those major scares while you get used to it, or think it will leave some permanent marks in your mind, then I wouldn't recommend this game. If you are interested in the FNAF series and have a VR headset, then I would highly recommend it.
Parents must know that "Five Nights at Freddy's VR: Help Wanted" is a virtual reality version of the popular game series, "Five Nights at Freddy's." Developer Scott Cawthon outdid himself with this game! It is violent because of sudden jumpshocks, and lots of terror, horror, and suspense. This game is OK for teens 15+, maybe 13+ if they can handle sudden scares!
Good game just if u dont wanna pull a shoe out of someones stomach dont play. :)
This Game Is Challenging, so challenging that i love it!!
ITS A REALLY FUN AND SCARY GAME TO GET your BLOOD PUMPING DO You WANT your PE TEACHERS TO GIVE You LAME Workouts WELL GET UR SELF THIS GAME BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT PLEASEEE
Great game can be a bit scary for anyone under 10 I'd say but if I was a parent I'd monitor my kid under 9 playing to be sure he doesn't nightmares lol. I got this game when I was 10 and I was kind of terrified at first but now it doesn't effect me anymore. If you have a teenage child and they want to play this do not be concerned for they know to stop the game if they get to scared
Five Nights at Freddy's is one of my favorite video games. I recently got the Nintendo Switch version, and I love it. It's full of scares, it mixes all the best parts of the past games, and it has some deep lore. Still, that lore is pretty dark, even for FNaF. If you are letting you little kids play it, don't let them listen to the tapes. Those reveal the dark and terrifying back story of the game.
I'm a very big fnaf fan (even though I'm 9). I was exicted to get my first vr headset and also buy fnaf help wanted. Its very fun and scary (so the review wouldnt be long)
Fnaf is just...creepy! I wouldn’t recommend it for kids under 12 years old. It has a very creepy storyline, and some disturbing story’s, and some terrifying jump scares, creepy robots, and since this is in be it makes this 10 times as creepy. Let me give you some examples why fnaf is... a little bit disturbing 1: Circus Baby (an animatronic) scoops (witch means kills somone and takes there skin 2: The bite of 87: So, basicly, there’s this boy names Michael and kills his brother by show omg his head into freddys head 3: The “vibe” of the game: The “mood” of this game is creepy. Lets take Music Man for an example. His creepy “radio” voice, and his... I just don’t no how to explain it. It’s... Uncomfortable Anouther thing is that I want to talk about is the jump scares. They are very uncomfortable and made my friend cry and have nightmares. They are very scary... Ok that’s it :0
I don't think that this should be rated 15+ but I really love this game and I think even 8 yr olds can handle this ( well the ones I know can).
it's too good!! YOU can't hate it!!!it's got VR modes of the ferst 3 games and way more!!Way too good for FNaF and VR fans!!!!!!!!!!!
common sense its not 15 plus it ok for 9 year olds cause its not that scary
This is one of the best entries in the fnaf series! It is scary and the lore just make the game scarier. It is very violent, I say no one under 13 should play this, but it is great!
I've been a pretty big FNAF fan since I was eight and when I got this game on console I was super exited! my 8 year old sister was also very interested so of course I let her play. the reviews here are very incorrect about ages up to 17+! my sister played this game without getting scared. this game is fun and would highly recommend for everyone in your family!
I got this game for the PS VR which I got the VR headset and this game as a bundle. I gotta say as a Five Nights at Freddy's fan, this has to be one of the best FNaF games in the series! Everything from the mini games is really fun to play in! I recommend ages 12 and up to play this game, since some mini games such as Night Terrors can be a little scary to handle and play in, but it could be a fun VR game to play for the family. This game is great to play if you're into the FNaF series just like me. Overall, this game is fun to play and I hope there will be more content the developers will make into this game.
