BEST FNAF GAME
Good, but terrifying
Not Bad
Really good, and scary.
LOVED IT
The scariest game I’ve ever played
horrifying and difficult
Scary at first
Great Game
M for muture
i was going to say 9+ but since all the series of the fnaf games is a 12+ and plus this is fnaf vr were talking about i'd say its a 12+ not only its vr but characters from fnaf 4 are a bit more scary cause of their face and sharpness... yes fnaf 4 characters are in the fnaf vr game. im sticking with 12+
I bought the Nintendo switch version of the game, and I expected it to be somewhat less scary than the VR version. I was absolutely wrong. This game tries to scare you every chance it gets. Even the cupcake is out to get you. If you're a parent, and your child is interested in the series, start them off with the first one.
Cool
I think its a really good game! Lots of fun to play and really spooky! I do think it might be too scary for kids under the age of 12. The difficulty depends a lot on which of the many minigames you play, with FNAF 2 being the easiest and Vent repair being the hardest in my opinion. Big reccomendation!
This game made by Scott Cawthon has made one of the best games I've ever played!! unlike the storyline of fnaf 4 it is just the game with all of the other games together and have a different story. Although, getting the game was a lot of money, it was worth it. (watch out for the halloween and christmas easter eggs!)
The reason why I gave this game the rating of 13 and up is because I honestly don’t think that anyone younger would be able to handle the terror. But Besides that it is a great game and I highly recommend it.
im a very huge fan of fnaf and this game made me scream , but its worth it for the story, stunning visuals and absolutely scary jumpscares. although some levels can be quite difficult for example the [spoiler][spoiler][spoiler] plushbaby level can be quite frustrating and annoying although when you beat it , you feel amazing. so i think kids can play it if their 12+ at least 10 but that may be to young.
It's scary at first but once you get used to the play style it's easy and not spooky in the slightest
I think it's a great game that any kid can play, it's all not real anyways. Plus they'll have to have parents with them, as a three year old can't put on a VR headset by themselves or anything.
To much First it is vr which means that the kid might actually think it's real 80% violence looks like you are there
A masterpiece
Wow. Total War Three Kingdoms is total wars BEST release yet. It has no blood,and it is so facinating and is a great oppportunity to learn about this period in chinese history. It does take a while to learn all of the games mechanics, but once you know how to play it, its incredible.
One of the best games I’ve seen in a long while
Such a great game to play if your 15+ and love anything horror related then this is the game for you. In my opinion this game is absolutely amazing I love this game so much it’s got amazing horror scenes and great quality graphics and game play.
Great, but watch out for some gore.
This is one great update!
Warframe is a free to play 3rd person shooter that can get pretty gory at times. Violence 8/10: While it's only sci-fi violence, look out for some vary gory deaths. Players can cut enemies into pieces and there is plenty of blood spray. Language 3/10: sometimes there is an occasional mild cuss word, but not to much.
So I've been playing a lot of Warframe for two years now, and this is by far the most beautiful and well crafted update. Violence is still frequent but unlike the old versions with blood and gore, this update tunes down to just blood spurts. It's sometimes really hard to see, but you can switch off blood in the game's settings. Gambling and consumerism is still present (since this is free to play). Players are able to purchase in game currency, exclusive Tenno, exclusive loot packs and so on.
Astounding.
A great game
Slay the Spire is a rouge-like/RPG where you travel through a massive tower, refereed to as the spire, slaying enemies by playing cards. Wait... back up. You kill enemies by playing cards? Yes indeed! And the way the games mechanics are deigned work brilliantly! You play as 1 of 4 heroes and travel through the spire building a deck of cards (Somewhat similar to a Magic the Gathering) while using your deck to completely obliterate monsters that stand in your way. Each time you begin a run in an attempt to slay the spire, the paths are randomized and you get a blank slate for building a deck. This provides the need for players to adapt to new cards and new encounters each time they play. This game is very strategy heavy and may be difficult for younger players to attempt, but this game is so amazing and beautiful that maybe you should sit down with the younger audience who shows an interest and help them along in slaying the spire. This game is super easy to play (by this I mean the controls are really simple, but the game itself can be really tough at times), but at times can be violent... (I mean the point of the game is to kill monsters, the word SLAY is on the cover) However, the violence is cartoon-like and not very explicit. This is probably one of the best games I've ever played, and if you have not played it yet, go do it.
A great game the 10$ are completely worth it. It is a good idea to see if your parents have played it because they might have
I have seen excellent gameplay on YouTube about this VR game. It is AWESOME!
This game is an epic VR for Star Wars Fans. It is epic to see and be near Darth Vader. It can get scary at times if you upset Vader but overall you should definitely play this!
Great racing game!
great game
Team sonic racing is so bad
Great Game
This is a great game for fans of the sonic universe!
play it or i'll eat your cat
Sonic game has so many glitches and bugs when I first read the steam reviews I Agree with people Team sonic racing is broke The game is a rip off to Mario kart 8 Need For Speed And so go play need for speed most wanted Or whatever racing game
All i can say is, Its So Fun!
Bruh Moment
Dauntless is a good game
Dauntless: To Download, or not to Download?
The real deal
Dauntless is very fun!!!!
Bad mechanics
Ummm.
An MMORPG with a bit too much microtransactions
Very good game
Hello, it’s me again. This time, I’m giving a review on the new game Dauntless, personally I enjoy this game a lot. Yes, there may be micro transactions but those are cosmetic, like Fortnite. They are just skins and emotes, or Transmogs is what they call the skins. All the parts you need for weapons come from the behemoths. Yes, there may be a bit of blood and you can cut off behemoth tails, but it’s not too graphic, it’s fine. You are a hero and you are trying to stop the Behemoths. The deadly monsters have recently had a surge in the Shattered Isles. It’s fun and good. Just a bit of a glitch here and there.
Dauntless is a very good game, but I think it might be boring for kids under the age of 12. Because it is a very heavy farming game but once you get to a certain point it might seem like there is no more content but that's JUST THE MIDPOINT! After the mid point in the game you will face escalations and extremely hard bosses that you can't kill on your own so u have to team up to kill the major bosses so be prepared to be challenged. So don't give up at the midway point, its just a little bit of time before you get into the real action. This game is also anti play to win so you don't have to worry about any of your friends getting ahead of you just cause they payed money the only thing you can buy is ascetic. This game is really fun and I will most definitely keep playing it there is only one reason I didn't give it full credit is cause it has amazing everything its available on windows, PS4, Xbox, and the switch but the one reason I didn't give it a 5 star, was because it wasn't on Mac but I can assure you im pretty sure you have at least 1 devise you can play it on
That is the question. Dauntless is an action RPG in the vein of Monster Hunter: World. It is available on Epic Games Store or on consoles. The point of the game is to fight monsters in order to protect the city of Ramsgate. Everything in the game is stylized and low-poly, making what little violence there is less disturbing. Players fight monsters online with up to 3 other players, using teamwork and magical guns, swords, axes, chain blades and hammers to kill the creatures. If you do hit the monsters, splashes of orange-ish blood spray out. The game is completely free, and a ton of fun, though the in game shop is promoted a bit much. Other than that, it is a really great game. -the Lore Nerd P.S. - I forgot to talk about bad language. In the storyline, one character says "damn" once. Mute the mic in multiplayer and you should be fine.
The game is quite easy to start of playing, and the reason I give it 8+ is because the things in the game are most likely things they've seen before. Most kids know what blood looks like and it isn't like it's HORRIBLE to see. I got this game yesterday for my friend and I to have a game to play together and it was pretty good. The violence is simple and not much more than there is in Fortnite. It helps build strategy and team building skills. Overall, a solid 4 star game.
I know other reviews for dauntless are saying how it’s so bad, and emphasizing all of the negative sides of the game, NO! This game is very fun, and lasts for a long time. Yeah, there is violence, very mild blood and tails can fall off, (but there isn’t any gore) and a more than normal amount of ads for the in-game store, but other than that, dauntless is an amazing experience, it’s co op, and exiting, especially trying to do escalations and try to conquer the boss behemoth at the end. It gets frequent updates, and has lots of active and friendly players. Some aspects can be confusing at first or for younger players, but it doesn’t take long to get the hang of it. There is a tutorial so you can learn the basic controls, and as you progress you develop new skills and strategies. You can choose what to do, you can do quests to progress in the game, go on hunts with your friends, or keep on hunt your favorite behemoth! If you really want a challenge you can unlock trials at the end of the game, which is always tricky, even for very skilled and experienced players. If you are thinking about getting dauntless, and are at least nine years old, you should definitely do it. You will enjoy it, I sure did.
Can’t dodge halve the time because apparently your character can’t stop attacking to dodge???
The game is just basically fighting monsters to complete quests.
Dauntless is an MMORPG that you can play with friends. Co-op or singleplayer, the game doesn't have much to offer. Violence is frequent. Use of swords and other weapons are present. While slash opponents, blood sprays mildly, but no gore is present. Gambling and consumerism is frequent. You are able to buy season passes, weapons and more. Some items are pretty pricey.
this game is cool
Great horror game
Sexual content/ nudity: None. Violence: There's gore, and blood. Fowl language: There's a lot of not child friendly words in here, but should be ok. Drugs/ Drinks: The main way to get abilities is through injections, but always has a downside, Does not promote it irl. Nice survival Horror game about surviving monsters in the night and trying to escape these woods. Shouldn't be that scary for younger teens.
Although this game is top down and does not contain jump scares, it is one of the scariest horror games I know of. And by "scary" I don't mean it contains massive amounts of gore. It gives you a strange icky feeling inside but still manages to keep on bringing you back for more. I finished the game about a month ago, and I still can't stop thinking about it. There are multiple loose ends that were never tied up after completion, and I'm thinking about playing it again. The game makes you sympathetic for the characters but also slightly disturbed by them. Just seeing the depressing, disgusting, and creepy situations the people of Darkwood have fallen into gives you a weird sense of relief that it's them instead of you. The environment is open most of the time and just quiet enough to give you anxiety. Every snap of a twig makes you worry. There is SO much more that I could say, but long story short, I HIGHLY recommend this game.
Review
Some violence but overall a heart touching game
Phenomenal game, not for kids.
Whoever said this game is 18 plus is just a clown, sure there is swearing and violence. i was 14 and didnt even squirm once so i dont get what is the problem with it. if you cant handle this game then god help you with all the other games
Violence- The character you control sometimes kill enemies in self defense, the game also clearly shows that she is not doing it for fun just because she have to. There some events that players will have to feed enemies and animals to rats but they not very graphical created and not closely shown. And players won't feel happy by any violent acts as the character around you will show disappointment and you'll get the idea to stay away from them.(but at the start of the game you'll have to hunt a boar for food which ultimately fails though) Positive stuff-Game is all about a positive cause, it's about a sister trying save her younger brother from coming dangers. Players will learn to care for their family members no matter how hard it is. Language- There some bad words used including the f word several times by bad guys but not from the main characters.
This game is truly amazing, it really is. Being a historical fiction game on the black plague. But no way in HELL is this for kids. Not only is it scarily realistic and disgusting (coming from someone who's not queasy) this game is incredibly gory, showing bodies being sacrificed and burned alive as well as thousands of rats eating animals or humans. As far as language goes it can get pretty extreme. Common sense is wrong because there are f bombs from Spanish soldiers and they might not have heard it because that's side dialogue. But as far as main dialogue, nobody says anything to extreme. One thing that's great about this game is it encourages stealth, not killing. When Amicia does kill someone she is heavily affected and makes you really think about killing in games. Thank you for reading.
