I think it’s good
Big step up to the first game
It's by Bethesda so what did you expect?
Not intended for children
^
I was in love with Rage 1. When Rage 2 came out, I had to pick it up, the game is way better than the previous one. Violence is the main course of the game. If you have played Borderlands or Doom(2016), the violence feels similar and right at home, as blood and gore gushes as you kill dozens of enemies at once. Strong language is frequent and strong; @$$hole, f#!k and as well as $h!t.
This game is completely over the top and ridiculous it's kinda funny. There is much blood and cursing. This game promotes killing in over the top ways like doom. Not for kids at all, if you let your kid play this it's a mistake.
This game contains, dismemberment, gratuitous violence, and strong language, the rating speaks for itself, this game was not made for children, but on a side note, I love this game, it is great fun.
Good Game with Good Messages
Just a damn good game.
I honestly think Common Sense Media has really missed the mark with their review for this game. If you pay attention there's strong positive role models and good messages. This game does have some heavy stuff but some of this stuff is really important. I'm going to start with Dorthy. Dorthy is a sex worker lilim with a model that makes her look 13. Dorthy is happy with her work and is quite proud of it. A lot of the time in media sex work is portrayed as some horrible thing but Dorthy is genuinely happy. Her relationship with Jill is important because not only does it show how you should treat someone regardless of their job but it also shows that sex workers exist outside of sex work. Dorthy is happy and bubbly she's a whole person and sex work is just her job, she's a regular person just like everyone else. She also gets bouts of depression sometimes because of solipsism (the idea that the only thing we're certain exists is ourselves). It's important to show that even the happiest people have bad days. Another important character is Sei. Sei is a good role model for people to look up to. She's extremely brave and compassionate and she cares deeply for her friends. She even but herself in danger to save Stella when the two were attacked as kids by a rogue white knight. Sei also shows how people who come from not great pasts can still get better and become great people. Seis dad was addicted to drugs, he was an alcoholic and he was abusive. Sei was also in a traumatic attack where her and Stella were attacked. Stella got stabbed in the eye and Sei got multiple broken ribs and ruptured organs trying to protect Stella. After this Sei became more violent and began to act out. But she worked on getting better and she became the strong, caring person she is now. Jill met a girl named Lenore in college and they started dating. They were in a very close relationship and were close with each others families. However one day the two had a fight and Jill walked out. They never officially broke up but they never saw each other again either. Jill still loved Lenore though the entire time but was too scared to reach out. Then one day when Jill is working Lenores little sister Gaby comes to the bar and angrily tells her that Lenore died of a heart attack and that she'd been suffering without anyone knowing for years. Gaby blamed Jill because her sisters condition got worse after Jill left. This entire situation says a couple important things. The first one is, do something before it's too late. You never know whats going to happen so instead of living in fear you should reach out or else you might miss your chance. It was really heart breaking but it did a good job conveying this. Secondly, Dorthy takes care of Jill one day to help her feel less alone and help her feel better. Jill didn't think it would but it does make her feel better. It's important to let people help you when you're hurting. Thirdly, Jill is devastated about her death and it eats at her, she regrets not reaching out and is distraught for a while. But slowly, the people in her life and her own will help her feel better. It's a hopeful message. Things will get better, you might be sad now but it won't be like this forever. Uh yeah, the game is pretty vulgar, theres lots of drinking, Jill smokes, but credit where credits due this game has some good role models and positive messages mixed in there.
This extremely mechanically simple game has an amazing story with an excellent framing device. You talk with people and end up linking all the reasoning together to get an epic, interconnected tale that commentates on social media, specifically fake news, culture. Must-play for everyone. There is swearing and sexual references, but it's only no worse than my fifth grade class was. The framing device is all about mixing drinks, but Pg-13 shows have about the same amount.
trash
ew
Violent and Gorey. (but not too too much)
one of my favourite games of all time.
Awesome
The game takes place after a zombie apocalypse and as so, there is frequent violence, whether through axes, boards, bullets, or biting. there is also a scene where a character is tortured by having a lighter put up to his skin, causing horrific burns.
Although it hasn't been out for too long! I think that this game is amazing. Very interactive and great graphics!
It's deffinetly not a game for kids, but the game has an amazing story in it, best ive seen since the last of us Very satisfying gameplay, love the bike customisation, good selection in guns, rarely get bored of playing, dosen't feel like a "repeat" game, alot of different quests and storylines
Boxboy! + Boxgirl! Review
It is a very good game with very easy controls and has lots of puzzles and and is very good for two people to play. Young children may find it a bit frustrating when they don't get across a level.
Good for Teenagers
It might say it has blood, but there barely any. But, it does occasionally include the F work and S word.
NO KIDS PERIOD!
Perfect For Teens
Good game for 13+
Just read the box.
What kind of idiot lets kids under 12 play this
Extremely gory! Among the goriest games every made
I recommend you talk to your child/children about MK11 BEFORE buying the game
12 or 13 +
Great game, Ok character design
SO this is mortal kombat huh
This Game is not made for kids
fun and gory
Gory just like any Mortal Kombat game
Kinda bloody and just dont do them in real life
An in-depth review on blood and gore in this game
Yeet those feet
Fun game! Look out for gore though.
Is mortal Kombat extremely violent
I have a younger sibling age 8 who plays the game and my parents should not let him.
I usually wait to play the game to do a review, but there are too many people on here who are saying it's fine for ages 8+ or whatever because you can "turn off the gore." SPOILER ALERT: You can't. There is no such option. I have seen every fatality on YouTube, and the fatalities and x-rays are the most violent things in video game's I have ever seen. They involve (but not limited too) Bashing people's faces in Removal of faces Dismemberment of all sorts Use of fire, ice, acid, and bugs as weapons Cutting heads/entire bodies from all different angles Removal of spines and other bones And much, much more graphic content. Also, there are a few scenes that involve characters cursing.
This game is perfect for anyone 13 and up, as someone who has been playing Mortal Kombat for about 2 years now, I think it is really good for all teens. I get that it is very graphic and has blood and gore but that doesn’t mean your kids will be violent monsters.
Yes mortal kombat is gory but it’s not real life and if your kid is responsible and understands not to do anything they see they will be fine. The most gory part of the game you can no do entirely and if you don’t trust you kids it’s a really hard move to pull of. I think you should let a responsible 13+ person play it
This game has blood and gore, intense violence, and strong language. This includes mutilation, dismemberment, decapitation, and bones shattering. In addition with this, the characters say f*ck and a**hole in some of the dialogue. Therefore, this game isn’t for kids.
The gameplay itself is good and I know the violence can be satisfying to some people (I really don’t see why) but never and I mean NEVER let kids play it I only played it for a minute and I’m still mentally scarred from it
Beware! This a long review. This game is EXTREMELY violent. Do not let your kids play: Every time you land an attack large amounts of blood sprays in the air. Just like the previous games, this game consists in fighting your opponent and, when finished, the player can either spare the enemy of finish him/her via the Fatalities, which have the opponent being torn apart, dismembered, decapitated, disemboweled, mutilated, etc., all with lots of bloodshed and gore. Most of the Fatalities here are much more violent and graphic than ever before. There are lots and lots and lots of bloodshed going on, and it's gruesome. This game is extremely bloody, and the gore is very highly detailed, with the victims being torn apart, mauled and dismembered, not to mention the graphics of this game are insanely realistic and extremely detailed, making the game all the more intense. This is definitely one of the most violent "Mortal Kombat" games so far.
I know this is probably the longest review you'll ever read in your life but bear with me, you'll want to know the graphic content in this game. I'm a 16 year old girl and I've been playing this game ever since it came out, and I love it a lot. I've had plenty of experience with violent/gory/bloody video games ever since I was 12 (The Last Of Us, Outlast, Doom, Call Of Duty, Wolfenstein, Until Dawn, etc.). And let me tell you when I first saw my cousins play a Mortal Kombat game, I was mortified. I was about 7 or 8 and there was this fatality (when a character brutally kills his/her opponent) that I couldn't get out of my head. That night I cried in bed and I couldn't sleep. But as I grew I learned how to deal with viewing such content. And if you don't know how brutal a fatality is yet, I'll explain in full detail. Sonya Blade's Fatality: She shoots her opponent up to the sky where there is a helicopter in the air. She keeps shooting to levitate the opponent (keep in mind that there is definitely blood). When the opponent reaches the top of the helicopter, the opponent head is sliced off and you'll be able to see the severed head in the air in slow motion as the iconic MK voice says "Sonya wins. Flawless victory. FATALITY!!!" Baraka's Fatality: Baraka LITERALLY RIPS OFF THE OPPONENT'S FACE SKIN and you can see all the bloody muscles and eyeballs and everything of the face. Squelching sounds can be heard. He then rips off the rest of the face and the brain and everything will be visible. Baraka uses his blade to penetrate the opponent's brain and then chomps on it like corn on the cob. Okay, still want to buy your 6 year old MK11? Yes? Well here's two more! Kung Lao's Fatality: He slices of the opponent's head off with his spinning blade thingy and the head goes flying straight up. Then he teleports underground and slices the body upwards from behind from the crotch. And then he does this cool little trick where the head comes down and he finishes off by slicing the head as soon as it's within his aim. Shao Kahn's Fatality: He hits his opponent with his big hammer twice. And then he slams his opponent's head through his/her torso and the severed head goes flying above WITH THE FRICKITY FRACKING SPINE STILL ATTACHED TO THE HEAD, THE COLOR RED EVERYWHERE, AND YOU TELL ME THAT EVERYTHING THAT I HAVE EXPLAINED TO YOU DOESN'T MATTER AND YOU STILL THINK THAT YOUR FIRST GRADE TODDLER CAN PLAY THIS GORE FEST GAME!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! Well, your small children might tell you "yOU CaN tURN oFf tHE goRE tHRouGH thE seTtiNgS!" and that ladies and gentlemen is total BS! Even if the game developers made that an option, no one would use it, so why put it there in the first place?? Because its NOT. FOR. LITTLE. KIDS. AND. IT. NEVER. HAS. BEEN. SINCE. 1992. Sooooo yeah that was my essay on MK11. I hope you now understand that Mortal Kombat is extremely violent and bloody. Give your kids around 6 more years of growing and brain development and then they can play. Don't worry, Mortal Kombat games aren't going extinct in years to come. It will still be available. What I would consider the family-friendly version of MK is Super Smash Bros. Ultimate on the switch. Buy your kids that instead, they'll enjoy it as much as I enjoy MK11. Time for me to skidaddle outta here! *drops mic* *yeets away* *crowd slowly claps*
Look this game is very brutal I play it my self and it can be very disgusting at times but that is only the fatality a fatality is and the end of the game when you finish a player off and nearly all of them are brutal but the actual game is fine there is a bit of blood but the only thing that makes this game an 18+ is the fatality’s down I’d say if your kid can handle gore and blood and disgusting things like that then I think it fine to let them play this game I play and I really enjoy when I first played with a fatality I was a bit scared and disgusted but it is really fine if your kid is mature
The overall game play is the same as previous mortal kombats, the violence is a little toned down, but the character design is not good. They have made the characters have an injustice look to them, and not as cool as they were in previous games. In terms of age limits, if you are a mature 14 year old then this game should be okay as long as you dont do the fatalities.
Well if it is THis is super duper duper duper disappointing I was not exspected this much viloence i swear i played for 5 minutes and i crushed my disk IT IS WAY TO MUCH VILOENCE THERE IS SPINE RIPING BONESMASHING DECAPICATION SLICING BRAIN EATING ANd YOu StIL wAnT TO BuY it for your 5 year old huh Alr SO HEAD SMASHING SLICING IN HALF WAY TOO MUCH GORE AND THERE IS ALSO A SEXY CHARACTER ANd NoW Ur KiD Is SaYInG U cAn TUrn OFf GOrE WELL U CANT AND EVEN IF IT WAS THEN IT WOULD BE USELESS DONT BUY IT FOR ANYONE UNDER 10 IF U ARE OLDER I MEAN U WILL STILL SQINCH BUT NOT AS MUCH hope this helped GOodbye
this game is not for kids and for me because it makes kids to vomiit
So I am 14 and I have grown up playing the Mortal Kombat games since I was very little. My parents are not even slightly strict when it comes to what games I can and cant play. They let me play whatever I want but its because I know to never reenact what I see and hear in them. I think that as long as your child is mature, they should be able to handle this game by the time they are 13 or 14 but I think the average kid should wait till they are at least 16 to play this. The game is VERY gory with tons of blood, guts, dismemberment, broken bones, and popped testicles but a fair share of the violence is made comical like Johny cage using a ripped in half body as a ventriloquist dummy. The blood is also not as realistic looking as it was in Mortal Kombat X. In Mortal Kombat 11, the blood is rather bright red instead of the more realistic dark blood that was in X. With that being said, there is still a lot of very disturbing and unfunny fatalities and crushing blows that made me kind of wince like when Geras slowly rips all of the skin off of his victim during a fatality and when Cassie Cage punches her Male victim in the testicles and it shows them popping. If you have played a Mortal Kombat game before, you should know what to expect in this game. Unlike Mortal Kombat 9, the female characters are not overly sexualized. None of the female costumes are too revealing which is good. There are also a fair share of good role models in the story mode of Mortal Kombat 11 like Liu Kang (my favorite character) and Raiden. Lastly, the game is rather complicated just like the previous games. While not as combo-reliant as MKX, there are still combos that would probably be very hard for younger kids and beginners to pull off so I wouldn't get this game for your kid if they haven't had experience with other fighting games. TL;DR very gory and hard to get the hang of but has good role models and female characters are not overly sexualized like in MK9. If your kid is mature, they should be able to play it at age 13-14 but the average kid should wait till age 16 to play it.
So Mortal kombat series has been long story of this gore bloody fighting game. Not like street fighter or any fighting games, MK has a special move that attracts people to buy (especially kids or teens). After they knockdown there opponent. they will do a combo of bloody fighting such as ripping of their head and pulling out their guts, so just keep that game safe where your kids can't take too play.
So Mortal Kombat 11. The graphics have gotten better. The fatalities have gotten more gruesome to watch however, It all depends on your kids' maturity. I myself can watch fatalities without cringing and so on. But mainly because I have seen blood and gore on tv many times and have gotten used to it. So if your kid can handle excessive blood and gore and say that they NEED the game then try talking to them about it. The only gory part is mainly the fatalities and brutalities(brutalities are not as gory).Fatalities can only be done with a set of controls that the player does on their keyboard or controller which finish the losing kombatant in a gruesome way. Keep in mind these Fatalities are hard to put in. Brutalities are when the player does a regular combo but it ends up as a gory finisher. While these do not show organs on screen, it does end up leaving the kombatant spewing blood. Keep in mind that these finishers are not needed and the kombatant can just simply punch the other to the ground with no blood whatsoever And then come Fatal Blows. While these are choosed by the player to come, the player will unfortunately have to use them soon enough. These fatal blows although spew blood significantly non gorier (if that makes sense). Krushing Blows are when the kombatant uses a combo on the other and an x ray image appears showing a bone breaking. These blows come frequently depending on how many attack bars are shown at the bottom corners. The Krushing Blows are not very gory and are in the same boat as in fatal blows. Keep in mind that Krushing blows come up at any given moment depending on the combo. That should finish of the gore part. Also keep in mind that the kombatants often say sh*t and a**hole.But say fu*k about 2-3 times in the whole game. The good news is that female kombatants are no longer sexualized as they were in the Mortal Kombat 9. The reason for stating 15 and up is that this generation can often handle gore and blood well. However, DON'T buy this game if you believe your kid is not mature enough to handle this game. Overall, its a really fun game if you're into fighting.
Mortal kombat is fantastic. I first played mortal kombat when I was 9 (I am apparently a very mature child, I'm 12 now) me and my dad sat down and played mortal kombat 10. It was so fun, comical over the top violence. I loved it, so probably 13+ for average maturity I guess? Anyway I love these games so much and the fatalities are hilarious, unrealistic messes! :)
Very fun game about beating crap out of people! Game requires tough memorization that rewards players for trying new things! But for my age rating... Lots and lots of gore. In MK11 there are fatalities that make you kill a person in an extremely graphic way. If you decide not to do fatalities (or Fatal Blows) then the gore isn't to heavy. Deserves the M rating, but give it to a 13 yo without fatalities and then you're A-OK Any younger, get injustice or smash bros. And who knows a mortal kombat character might even get in that game?
Yes, 100% the most brutal game you could see. With that you get the choice to either kill your opponent in a fatality or brutality, but characters get the choice to either kill or let there opponents live or die. You can also here quite a few s words and one or two f bombs. No sexy things related to this game. Some characters such as Jax Briggs smokes a cigar most of the time but no drug or alcohol substances. This game as you would expect has a ton of blood and gore. Players can cut off any body’s parts, rip out spines, oozing brains, burning body’s, basically anything that in voles voilence and gore is in this game.
it depends on the child because if you are buying this for a sensitive child just dont but for a mature child yes otherwise 17 or 18+
There is a lot of profanity and gore. I would not recommend this unless 18 years of age or older. It can be sexual at times, because I have seen story mode many times when asking him to turn it down. It drops the “F word” quite a bit along with the h,s,a,b, about any other cuss word you could possibly think about. They upgraded the gore from the original and I know people who have had nightmares about the game. It is a rated “ M” (Mature) because of blood and gore, intense violence and strong language. Parents should not let their child play this game. People (NPC) drink beer and alcohol, smoke cigars and cigarettes and their is so much that kids should not know about until they are older. I’d say if you want another game that has fighting in it for the Nintendo Switch, get Supersmashbros.
