Amazing game. It’s notw as scaring as some would say.
Not as bad as you think
Great game
It’s okay
Street fighter, but way gory
Best Mortal Kombat Game
I Mean it's Mortal Kombat
Not as bad as you think
Best Game EVER
Lol some people are saying this isn’t real but if this isn’t real wouldn’t somebody just take inspiration and try these stunts in real life to see if they work?
best one of the series
Violent but good
Not intended for children
Absurd Greatness 11
is mortal kombat for kids
Ok first thing is that there is no denying that this game is very gruesome. But if you play the story mode than there is not any gore that is in your face and over the top. The violence is not much worse than what most kids see in superhero movies in the story mode of this game. As for the rest of the game... in a fight there is not much that is actually bad or gruesome. There are “fatal blow” attacks which are violent super moves, but not a single one of these fatal blows even show gore, it’s just tons of animated blood in slow motion hits and stabs. Other than that there is blood when you attack someone but it isn’t very over the top or gruesome. But when a game is finished you have the option to “finish” your opponent with a fatality or brutality. The brutalities are super straight forward, punch a dudes head off, eat someone’s arm, split someone in half with a kick to the chest, rapidly shoot someone and ect... but the fatalities are pretty gruesome. The fatalities are NOT MANDATORY and after a while of playing the game, most players don’t even attempt at doing one. After a while the gore also just becomes a gimmick. But it’s generally pretty gruesome. There is also not much of a reward to getting a fatality/brutality except for “hearts” which is pretty much just a currency that you can use to get cool chests with a character skin. These skins can also just be earned from normal chests using “koins” but it’s not guaranteed. Other than that the game is fine. If you really care you can just tell your kid to not do a fatality or brutality... but sometimes your might unintentionally do one but... that’s a story for another day. To sum this up... this is a really REALLY good game and if you can handle a little blood than you can probably appreciate this game for what it is.
Although it does contain bucketloads of violence, it is okay to play for any responsible child.
If you should let your kids play this game is up to if they can handle the over the top blood and gore. This is my favorite game, and while some 13 year olds should not play it I can handle something like a x-ray of someone slamming a spear into your opponent’s head
So I’m 12 and I do find these things quite enjoyable but I know that I shouldn’t be watching them so that’s why I give it a 14+. Though it’s very graphic and violent you can look past it because you know for a fact it will NEVER HAPPEN in real life. All of the fatalities and fatal blows are very replicated and no one could repeat them in real life. Overall it seems like a good game. I haven’t played it but looks like a very clean game.
I love Mortal Kombat, and I would totally recommend this game to others. I’ve seen reviews on here saying that this game is fine for young kids because ‘you can turn off the gore’. Let me tell you, thats not true. Theres no option to turn off the gore because this game is made for adults. Next to the fighting part and storymode which isnt that violent, a character can perform a so called ‘fatality’ to gruesomely finish off their opponent. These fatalities are basically murders in the most gross and gruesome way you can think of, and photorealistic graphics make them seem like they’re straight out of a horror movie. It’s not like your kid’s gonna turn out to be a psychopath from these, its the fact that some can’t see the difference between fiction and reality. If you’re considering gifting this game to someone, be sure they’re at least 16 or older and ask them if they are familiar with the Mortal Kombat series.
This by far is the best Mortal Kombat game you can get. The story surprisingly was really good. The way that the characters spoke and moved in this felt more natural than the other games. The mechanics of combat in this is different from the other two games. This can be a grindy game especially if you want to obtain the skins and gears pieces of all of the characters in the game. It might just be me but the fatalities in this game didn't feel like they weren't as sickening to watch than the other two games. The graphics and music are awesome.
THIS GAME IS not as brutal as people make it out to be The only problem I see for kids 4-7 is getting absolutely DESTROYED while in combat with another human being more competent than them. But while they are trying their best not to get killed they can watch an awesome fatality at the end The game has Swear words that are bleeped out though so i guess its fine. Tl;DR: Its okay for kids 8+ not because of the words but because most kids younger than that will probably find it hard to play and give up on the game
Most people say there is a lot of gore and bones breaking, but just because it contains this doesn’t mean that kids will turn violent. These games are fun. Why is it ol? Well what’s wrong with blood, hearing people swear (a lot of people swear nowadays) and females. Like really? It’s all ok. Maybe there might be some organ showing and bone breaking x-ray, but what is wrong with that exactly?
This game is GREAT. Although if your child still has nightmares. I would not recommend this game. But Personally, I do not have this game but my best friend does and I fell in LOVE WITH THIS GAME 10/10. And the swearing is really just Kano. And no one uses him anyway really. I think 9 and 10 yr olds should play this game. Plus the blood is only in fatalities and stuff and you can turn it off.(The blood u can turn off)
All Mortal Kombat games are fun. Though these newer mortal kombat brutal fatal kills now, I feel like are less brutal than the older games of this franchise. Because the finishing moves are so over the top gory that it's kinda ridiculous. I feel like the grittiness is gone. Don't get me wrong, the gore is still gross, it's just more silly now. Like I said, the finishing moves are so unrealistic BUT I am still gonna rate this 18+ for just the amount violence.
Who ever tells you that the older games aren't as violent then they have never played mortal kombat. back in mk 1 people would say that it wasn't as violent as it is now. that isn't true at all, it is just as violent as mk 11 but it just didn't look as nice because they didn't have all of this fancy new technology. this game has lots of blood and gore, it also has cursing but it isn't as bad as mk10 this is by far the most gorey and fun game of the series
It is a great game. It is violent but i started playin ultimate mortal Kombat 3 when i was 5,6 or 7 now i am 12. sex none. Funny YES. The fatalitys a sometimes funny especially jonhy cages fatalitys. Swearing a bit
Okay, I wasn't going to write a review for this game, but there are too many people saying 8+. I have this game, it is a really fun game, but it isn't okay for small children. The game has gratuitous violence, such as ripping off limbs, heads, bones, and organs. The language is pretty bad, but not as bad as something like Watch_Dogs. There is no sexuality. The original Mortal Kombat arcade game was the reason video game age ratings were created, and the violence in the original doesnt even compare to the violence in this game. This game is not intended for children. Let me get this straight, some reviews here are saying you can turn off the blood and gore, their children lied to them, I have searched through the settings multiple times and have not found any way to turn off the blood and gore.
This game is amazing, in most ways. The cons are that its Towers of Time is too grindy and frustrating, and gear is inconvenient to obtain. Everything else is good. Don't believe Chad's review. The violence is so over-the-top it's funny. The fatalities, fatal blows, and brutalities are literally impossible to do in real life; Ed Boon made this clear. Get this game, but I recommend when it gets on sale.
i think that the game is full bloody gore an is not a good game for young kids to even view but i think older teens can handle he game fine
The Best!
Good Game With Funny Writing
Fun with no scariness and hardly any violence!If your kids like Minecraft or The Legends of Zelda, then this is a PERFECT game for them.
I like it. I feel like its more Minecraft from a top bottom perspecive but sure. It has funny writhing, but there's better games on the consoles that its on, so... you know. The online mode is pretty cool too.
Great Art style, And Great Game for People of all ages.
Amazing game, cultural norms of the 30s.
Hard, drinking and gambling is involved a lot, but still a good game (spoilers)
amazing
Amazing for mature kids!
THIS GAME IS EVERYTHING
This is a good game
Frustrating yet beautiful
AWESOME
ITS GOOD!
great game
Cuphead
This is a great game
Good
Not that bad.
It's Amazing, even if a little hard.
Fine For Younger Kids, If They Can Beat It
Great game that tweens would enjoy
1930s cartoon today.
This game has an amazing style of graphics, and Is one of the best platformers I have played. It includes very mild cartoon violence, no blood or gore, Some of the bosses and enemies may be scary for young children. It is easy to learn, but might frustrate kids and adults for this matter because of it's difficulty curve. Great Buy!
This game is very fun, although very difficult. Studio MDHR takes the beloved 1930s cartoon artstyle and makes a beautiful handcrafted experience that many kids and adults will enjoy. It also has a very catchy soundtrack that you will find yourself humming along with. The soundtrack is so catchy, there were many songs I knew without even playing the game. The game, however, is one of the most difficult of it's time. The only game I recall being this hard is insane mode Path of Radiance, which was a long time ago. It will definitely induce rage, and will take a lot of time and practice to learn. The only problems with this game, besides the difficulty, is the drug reference. The game has some background drinking, gambling, and smoking. In one boss fight, there is a background of a club, in which one cartoony character is seen smoking, as well as a boss that is a tipsy whiskey bottle. There is also a boss that has a pipe, and a boss that is a slowly burning cigarette. There is a couple instances of the word "hell" being used, but all of the above issues are barely shown in the game. TL;DR This is a stellar game that has some alchohol and smoking reference.
This game is well-animated and drawn, yet very hard to complete. The story is about two kids who wander too far from home despite their parent/guardian's warnings, and now have to fight bosses for the devil so that he will not take their souls. The player has to shoot the enemies that sometimes look intimidating, and the two children from the story walk into a casino and gamble. However, the two children end up facing and defeating the devil and gaining their town freedom from the devil. By doing the right thing, they conquer evil and become heroes.
Yes, it's a bit hard. Yes it has a bit of smoking and drinking and stuff. But it never goes overboard with either of those two. It's super fun and the aesthetic is just so good.
I think that this is a really fun game for kids who will not take any of this to seriously. The only bad things is the gambling and one level with the word "Hell" in it. And if you are a person who takes Catholic or Christian beliefs seriously, I don't recommend this. It involves the devil and there is one level where the main villain shoots out what appears to be the illuminate (Not like the company, sorry for my bad spelling.) But other than that it is a fun problem solving game with cool graphics that parents I think will love. I really recommend this!
This game is truly a piece of art. The graphics, the soundtrack, everything is so amazing. Few things you might wanna know: the game is really challenging, so expect some rage quits ;), there is some drinking and gambling involved and some of the last mini-bosses are 3 cups of alcohol who are demonstrated as drunk and a cigar. There is no blood or gore, just cartoony violence. Otherwise this game is just really awesome.
This game is very good everyone should play it even if they suck
Yes, the concept of the game is wacky, but don’t let that get your hopes down! This game is absolutely amazing! The art design is brilliant, the controls are easy (yet they really test them in the boss battles) and there is no actual blood shown, just a small POOF and they’re gone. There is some mild language and casinos and cigarettes are shown. The game is very frustrating, but winning makes you feel like a million bucks! Totally worth $19.99!
VERY DIFFICULT
The graphics really bring you the old-cartoony look just its like an old game.
really good game the animations are good. and easy gameplay
Well ok I dont get wy the S word isent present because...calamari a yea...but it's fun and cool and it's old fashion graphics so there's sum smoking so I say 10 plus.5 stars (I love cuphead.)
This is a great game now this is not a game that the win is handed to you this is a very hard game and you have to be able to handle with frustration that the game throws at you. Now this is a great game and by the end of each level you feel a sense of accomplishment which is great. So you start to understand the concept of work hard and get rewarded.
Drugs 7/10 Violence 5/10 Sex 2/10 Goodness 8/10 Thanks for listening!
I haven't personally played the game, but I played one boss and I swore a lot. I watched a bunch of gameplays and it's amazing! The only thing bad about it is the difficulty but it IS the point! It's good for all ages if your kid doesn't get angry easily. There are some dark themes though.
Beautiful graphics, wonderful music, and the controls aren't to hard once you get the hang of it. I highly suggest it.
Okay, so, this is a Critical Compendium, a phrase which here means “a shorter analysis of something than usual”. It will be, as usual, divided into Parental Guidance and Quality. Parental Guidance: Alright, so, how can any of the bosses be considered scary? I’ve read all the reviews, and at least half of them say that the bosses can be scary for younger kids, and… okay. Maybe the devil, ‘cause, uh, he’s the devil, but otherwise… no. They aren’t. What, does some kid have a phobia of Nazi rats? (Yeah, that’s a boss.) Other than… y’know, THE DEVIL, nothing is scary, and, really people? Hell is not a curse word, it's a biblical place. Also, period smoking and drinking, and very mildly at that. Plus, they’re frogs. Anyway, Cuphead is not an inappropriate game. It’s E10+ for a reason, and that’s mild drinking and smoking. Seriously. Grow up. Quality: Okay, so, y’know how I said that A Series of Unfortunate Events was the best piece of media of all time? Yeah, I had forgotten about this game. First of all, let me talk about the animation. It’s hand drawn, and at first, you wouldn’t think that’s too impressive. But then you think about how they had to animate every single possible outcome of you moving the joysticks and clicking the buttons. And they don’t cheat, they hand animate literally everything, except for the book that’s used to show the story. But for literally every single action in the game, they painstakingly drew every single frame. Because of that, the game took around four years to make. But, moving back to the story, it’s not supposed to be good. Everybody’s talking about how it teaches good morals, and all that, but that’s not the point. The story is intentionally generic and bad. The showcase is on the hardness of the game, the uniqueness of the animation, and the quality of the music. I’ll get to how hard the game is in a second, but the music really is top notch. The music, just like everything in the game, matches the style of thirties cartoons, innin that the score is composed of incredibly catchy jazz songs. Only two songs in the game actually have lyrics, and even they manage to match the tone of the game. Now. On to the hardness. It’s just… it’s just… well, I have over nine hundred deathes on my original world. Obviously, once you get the hang of the patterns, it’s fairly easy to beat the bosses, but if you’re new to the game, even the first boss might take at least twenty tries to complete. Even if you beat the game with fantastic scores on all the levels, it can STILL be hard to play through a second time. The Grim Matchstick for example. I have only beaten him two times, and I don’t know how I did it either one of them. On my second playthrough of the game, I only had around one or two hundred deaths, and at least half of those were from the Grim Matchstick, and the other half were from King Dice. Basically, Dark Souls is out of a job as the hardest game ever. For my final verdict, Cuphead is designed to infuriate and enrage. But when it’s not doing that, it’s meant to be a love letter to classic animation. And it succeeds. If you can tolerate hundreds and hundreds of failed attempts on a single level, then you might be able to beat Cuphead. And if you do, it truly is a spectacle to behold. Score: 100/100
Ok, content wise this game is like 8 and up, but the game is so hard probably matured 12+ would be able to play it without raging alot, also this game is about memorizing patterns so if you have ADHD it might not be as fun, this game is fun though, some parts I hated but when I came back to it it was alot of fun to replay. This game is also very gorgeous music and graphics wise the 1930s style hand drawn graphics and jazz music suit the game perfectly, although it's hard to appreciate when the game is so chaotic
Wow, when I heard that this game existed I was amazed. The graphics, the music was some of the best video game music since Undertale. A bit of drugs, gambilng and alcahol but besides that, it's great!
