CUPHEAD IS AWESOME
Even more of a classic than the cartoons that inspired it.
This is a good game but I will talk about a review
Hard, But So Worth The Time!
Incredible stylized game
amazing game
Gambling, smoking, violence
THIS IS NOT FOR KIDS UNDER 13!!!!!!!!!!!
Good for parents and kids alike.
It's Good! But Some Of Parts are...
Great Game
I am awed.
The Devil is fitting for this game.
Hard puzzle game wiht lots of cartoon violence and few scenes with smoking.
Not to bad
this game is amazing
Super hard and fun
Suitable for everyone imo
Super-hard game is never quite too frustrating.
Cuphead is super unique and amazing in my eyes. I am a kid that started year 8 and Cuphead is a source of entertainment for me. The problem is that disturbing scenes and creepy scenes prove to me that kids the age 12 and under should not be allowed to play this game. Many adults believe that this game is fun and good for their kids, but the fact that 2 kids killing people just to escape their own death is inappropriate. They should not be allowed games like these until they start year 7 or High School.
This game is a lot of fun in every single way. The music is catchy as all heck, the animation is peculiar and the levels are a ton of fun. This game is very hard, though. It also contains gambiling,drinking,smoking and violence. Therefore, I recommend it only to tweens and above.
one person put a reveiw for riverdale not cuphead so thats all
This game is super hard with the mechanics, and the bosses themselves, but it is super worth it when you hear "KNOCKOUT!" appear on the screen! It definitely isn't the best option for younger children, as they could break the device used trying to defeat a boss, and there is smoking and alcohol present in some levels (And the word hell is present) but it shouldn't be too much to worry about! The art is phenomenal in this game and I couldn't have asked for anything better from this game!
The game is PHENOMONAL!! I love this game with it's retro style of 30's cartoon and the immense difficulty of older games, and I think anyone that can play this game should. The only concern is that there are cigarettes, and casino's, but both are shown in a negative light, even telling kids that gambling is really bad, and killing a cigarette. They were even able to cut out guns, instead you snap at the enemies and send little magic pellets at them. In conclusion, please please please play this game and let your kids play.
this game is great for all ages
The game is not scary, but some characters smoke and gamble, the characters fight but there is not blood and stuff, the game is also pretty complicated for young kids.
this game is good but as seen in the trailer the drink cuphead puts in his head is a bootleg beer called moonshine
This game is amazing. It takes the 1920s style of cartoon and implements it in such a way that you can’t tell whether you are in 2019 playing on a Saturday afternoon or in the 20s sitting around the tv waiting for Sunday cartoons to come on. I legitimately believe this is a game that can be enjoyed by all generations, despite its difficultly, it is a masterclass on how to make a game both accessible and enjoyable for everyone! If you are a parent wondering if you should let your children play this game, I implore you to buy it for them! It is great fun local multiplayer (meaning if you have 2 controllers you can work together to beat bosses.) and just as great single player. As for content, the main storyline includes characters cuphead and milkman after sneaking into a bad part of the isles (the main part of the game you play In) cuphead and milkman end up in a casino, where they go on a winning streak, blinded by there riches, they meet the owner of the casino, the devil. The devil says if they roll a 6 they can have the casino, if they do not, he gets to claim their souls. They, of course, do not roll a 6, and beg the devil to spare them. The devil says if they will go out on a mission to collect the debts owed to him by others he will spare them. Now I know that doesn’t all sound like something you want your eight year old playing, but please bare in mind that this is all done in a 1920s Disney style. Back to the story. After that cutscenes is over you, cuphead, set out on your journey to collect the debts owed by different bosses, you do this by traversing inkwell isle. Now the fights in this game consist of you going into a 2d screen, much like Mario, and shooting blue pellets at the bosses, as they hurl attacks at you, such as a plant boss throwing seeds at you, and a slime boss trying to jump on you. If you are able to avoid these attacks and hit the boss enough, a narrator will yell “a knockout!” And the boss will faint. Please bare in mind none of this is graphic. After you beat the boss the game will grade you based on how long it took you to beat the boss, and how many times it hit you. The soundtrack for this game is also very good, it really captures the essence of 20s music. Overall, cuphead is a great game, and should be something an adult and there child, (of any age that is old enough to comprehend the basics of a game and story) sit down and play together My final rating is Violence: 2/10 Suggestive or mature story: 4/10 Language: N/A Skill ceiling: easy to learn, Hard to master Sorry for any formatting or autocorrect errors as I wrote this on mobile
It's Good! But Some Of Parts are...Like Devil Will TAKE THEIR HEADS! i don't even think i like this.. or if you don't purchase the game or join devil, the title screen will be reversed and super scary!! i'm even a little scared to play this but because this game is 10+... i'm gonna play it.
I think that the violence in this game is really nothing to be concerned about, as the main character hit other characters with straws. As for the smoking, drug, and alcohol references, I think as long as your kid is well educated not to do those things until they are of age (if at all), then they won't really have an influence, having played through the entire game.
Cup head is an AMAZING game. I am awed by the fact that studio MDHR our so much time and effort into it, but that’s not what I’m here to talk about. Cuphead is set in a 1930’s cartoonishly world, on the inkwell isles. Cuphead and his buddy Mugman wander into the devil’s casino (the devil from hell’s bells, not a scary one.), and make the unwise decision to gamble, and they lose. The only way to break their deal is to collect the contracts of other debtors. The premise I don’t agree with, but if you put that aside, you have an amazing game. I will not lie, it is HARD. Like, Contra, hard. If you or your child can last through a challenging game without raging, you will have bucketloads if fun. I highly rate this game, and I hope others try it out. Also, a side note, during the king dice fight each miniboss is a part of a casino, and the only ones you might have to monitor are a cigarette, a stack of poker chips, three bottles of alcohol, and I think there might be one or two more ones you might have to monitor.
CUPHEAD has a beautiful art style and great gameplay. I would recommend it to anyone. But... It says "Hell" as in the place many times, and uses it as a swear in the title of the last level. There is alchohol, smoking, and gambling, but they are discouraged. Ages 10+.
I only rated this a 10+ because of the skill and mastery of this game and how hard it is to complete each level, and I feel like anyone under 10, or even 10 to like 11, would struggle with this to the point where they wouldn't be able to even pass the first level, or the tutorial. However, I would say the game is suitable for kids, there are no real bullets or weapons in this game and everything is very cartoony.
This game's artistic style is amazing, it's fun to play and has very little consumerism, but it's way to randomized at moments, and has a lot of flaws, that i really can't talk about. I love old cartoons and jazz and this game perfectly represents both those things. But kids under the age of 12 shouldn't play on the level of difficulty.
It's really fun but very hard so i wouldn't suggest it for younger kids, also there are some references to gambling and drinking but not that much. Also the arts really nice. Overall a very good game for over 10 yr olds.
yes, violence but it's not realistic, it's cartoonish.
Ah, the delight that is this game. Easy to learn, hard to master. Easy to play, hard to finish. Easy to pick up, hard to put down! For starters, no matter how hard the game gets, it always find SOME WAY to nudge you along. Everything from Simple mode to help you get better (and keep your confidence up), to custom control schemes to make the game more suited to you; a progress bar at the game over screen to show you how well you did, to THE BEAUTIFUL SOUND OF THE ANNOUNCER ANNOUNCING YOUR VICTORY!!! And then we have the amazing hand-drawn art style, cartoony sounds, incredible jazz music, and every other tiny little detail they stuck in to make it all the more like a 30's cartoon. (I ain't kiddin' about that music. Check it out.) Now, there are some cons to all the positive. As probably everyone who's ever ACTUALLY played this game has pointed out, the game is very, very difficult. But like I mentioned above, the game has its methods of keeping you going, straight to the end of Expert mode, and beyond. The game can also seem a little bit inappropriate at times: The penultimate level has many, many references to gambling, smoking and alcohol consumption. But if you ask me, it ain't that bad - these are all baddies you fight, and, I mean, what do you expect from an old cartoon anyway? Beyond this, however, it seems that every boss in the game has something intimidating and somewhat frightening (don't get me started about that mermaid...), so small children should not be allowed to play this right before bed. Finally, we have a little bit of language. An un-censored "heck" appears twice (thrice under certain end-game circumstances), first in reference to the Biblical place, and the second (and the optional third) as in "One Heck of a Time." I'm sorry, but if your kid must have this game, be sure they know when and when NOT to use this word. Aaanywayyy... If you look beyond the cartoon violence and general references to mature content (that you'd probably typically see in old cartoons anyway), this is clearly one of the best games of all time, and I don't see why anyone wouldn't have ONE HE(ck) OF A TIME playing it!
this game makes me question certain things... life
Parents are overreacting
It’s not that bad
It’s a good game and I even play it!
A masterpiece of game design.
AMAZING!!!
Awesome !
A charming game that pushes me to my very limits!
the game has a meaning
Love it!
This game may include gambling, but it puts it as a risky and bad thing that people shouldnt do. Its about two boys who dont listen to their grandfather and end up at a casino where they end up unintentionally betting their souls, and have to redeem themselves to save their souls. At the end, the player fights the casino ruler, the devil and they burn all of the contracts to save everyone from the devil's wrath. The art style is just like 1930's rubberhose animation and the game itself is just really cute and all of the enemies dont look creepy or scary they just look like cartoon characters. Like a mermaid, frogs, a princess, etc. This game is really good and people need to stop freaking out about it. Its better than letting your kids play CoD or Overwatch. Yes there is a level called "inkwell hell" but they are using it in the terms as in the place, its not like its swearing. If it were swearing, it would be "what the hell" but its saying it as a place. This game is innocent and if you dont like it because there is the devil, you get to beat him up at the end and he is potrayed as a bad guy so calm down.
People say it has drugs but the makers of the game say it has no drugs it only has smoking and cigarettes
Cuphead looks like a child friendly game, but due to the cartoon violence and alcohol references, I would rate this game for ages 12+
Cuphead is a challenging yet rewarding experience. Great visuals, soundtrack and progression hook you as soon as you play the game. With mild references to drinking and smoking, and the moderate difficulty, this game is good for anyone 6+.
THIS GAME IS GREAT! The only thing is that since I beat the game I know that on the second last boss (King Dice) some parts in that boss have smoking, drinking, and gambling.
Sometimes ending is better than mending. In real life it seems like you can't fix what you did and you have to roll with it.
When The Game Have Some Gambilng As Part Of The Story , The Violence is not that big But this game can Cause You A Anger Because it is a really hard game
Cuphead is an incredibly charming game with amazing graphics, but behind that facade, it's a brutal shooter that will push even the most hardcore of gamers to their very limits. The game's story does involve the titular characters dealing with the devil, but it's nothing too dark. The game also does feature drinking and smoking, but nothing too over the top.
this tells kids don't gamble or "deal with the Devil". It is easy to play just switch the "tab" with a better button (like A). What I like best is the old Micky cartoon look.
The Game is like time travel to the past and seeing a cartoon - but you holding joystick in you hands the game could be scary sometimes the game is really not gory (medicore cartoon violence) and the game feels like watching a cartoon for the 30s but becraful ;this game could rage you
