A Amazing Game
What You Expect
Good game can get repetitive but so much fun
How good this game is!!!!!
PLEASE READ
PLEASE READ
Valuable lessons of dedication and "Teamwork makes the dream work"
I don’t know what it is with the people... this game is very fun, especially with friends. There is also a Horde Mode that you could play for hours! The game is okay for 10 year olds that become not that scared. Because there are some scary stuff, such as. If you come close. You shoot them apart. Or, if you walk you will find zombie bodies apart. The co-op campaign is better then pvp or other modes. It also has some profanity, but not that much. Also, you could buy stuff, but with in-game-currency. Not with real life dollars. Recommended!
The game contains what you expect from a zombie game, blood, guns, and zombies. It isn't something that should be that bad to play with some friends it becomes pretty fun as you shoot through the zombie hoards. Not that bad and is just what to come across in this genre.
Mass hordes of zombies blood it too much if you are close the body parts come off. the problem is almost all games on common sense media are 18+
A great game with exellent gameplay
Common sense media says that this is for 2+ and 10+ but they are all lies. I’m 11 and tried this game cause of the no blood reviews. As soon as you click start you are greeted by a zombie with blood everywhere for 1 min. When you load into the story the whole thing is constantly killing zombies or zeeks. Their head fly off and blood gushes out and same with every part of there body. You get melee weapons and you cut body’s in half. Bodies on the floor everywhere with blood gushing out. Your heart races even after your done playing. There’s tons of language and the zombie birds keep coming. I can’t tell you how much blood there is. This game is NOTHING like the movie. Please don’t let anyone that’s not 19 or older play it. Take that from an 11 year old. I bought it this morning and took it back three hours after playing it. My mom watched too and she almost had a anxiety attack. ITS BRUTAL!!!
Common sense media says that this is for 2+ and 10+ but they are all lies. I’m 11 and tried this game cause of the no blood reviews. As soon as you click start you are greeted by a zombie with blood everywhere for 1 min. When you load into the story the whole thing is constantly killing zombies or zeeks. Their head fly off and blood gushes out and same with every part of there body. You get melee weapons and you cut body’s in half. Bodies on the floor everywhere with blood gushing out. Your heart races even after your done playing. There’s tons of language and the zombie birds keep coming. I can’t tell you how much blood there is. This game is NOTHING like the movie. Please don’t let anyone that’s not 19 or older play it. Take that from an 11 year old. I bought it this morning and took it back three hours after playing it. My mom watched too and she almost had a anxiety attack. ITS BRUTAL!!!
World War Z may be seemingly all about killing zombies and exploding stuff, but beneath the surface level of each story lies a complex tale of trial and error, real dedication, and teamwork. Each story takes place in a different country and different city, and in every one of them the goal is to escape the zombie infested city through a series of levels. This teaches dedication. However, some profanities are present, but if that is no issue, then this game is perfect!
AWESOME!
Never played it but fun
Imagine creating merging and you being in it! Give it a try!
Weed Inc? Seriously?
Very bland, boring and unsuitable for immature kids
My 6 year old sister found an add for this in dragon city. She thought it was a game about selling flowers and asked to download it.
Sexual themes, very strong profanity, there is no exact story to the game. Strong language is one of the main factors, and of course, drug references is the main factor.
My favourite game series!
Ace Attorney Games are Great!
Light-Hearted Murder Mystery
Amazing game!
Edgeworth sometimes says some suggestive things
Best Role Model for Kids!
Honest Ace Attorney Review
Just play it already!
Comedic, sometimes slightly dark courtroom drama
Wow!
A fun detective game for teens!
BEST GAME EVER!!!! MUST BUY, IF YOU DON'T, YOU'RE MISSING OUT!!!
I personally started on the first game aged 10, but even then I feel as though it would depend on the individual to judge on ages. I'd say definitely suitable for 13 years olds and likely suitable for those aged 10 and above but not for those below. The game plots tend to involve murder and corruption, however these are never portrayed as good and as the main character you aim to clear up any doubts about your usually innocent client and find the true villain! In terms of gameplay there is a lot of reading involved and choosing the right option can sometimes be highly frustrating! Blood is occasionally shown but it's not very realistic. Characters are bright and funny, often with puns for names. Some female characters are overly busty however nothing more than size is ever portrayed. There are fantasy elements (spirit mediums anyone?) and these often tie into the most sinister of cases. Overall it's a highly enjoyable game for people who enjoy reading and watching a story unfold. The characters make this game because of their wackiness. The game is full of great role models and messages, however for younger kids, the murders may be a little too much.
I love these games. It mostly involves murder mysteries, but it does have a good story and characters I love. There is a little blood and flashbacks of murder. There are also some suggestive themes and so it may be a little inappropriate for younger kids, but anyone 13+ should be able to handle it. These games are a visual novel style game, with some point and click parts, so it won't be for everyone. If you get stuck you will have to look up guides to get past that part, and sometimes you won't know what to do and it will get messed up if you do things out of order. Some female charectors wear revealing clothing. This game is going to be difficult for some
Obviously a murder mystery is gonna be more for teens in terms of content, but there are no super emotional deaths and the crime scenes generally have minimal blood. Dark themes such as blackmail are present. "Damn" is infrequently heard. Other than that, there is one use of "What the hell is that wriggling piece of plywood?!" and one of the side characters refers to a client as "Not your average attention whore." There is some innuendo and cleavage. However, the murderers are convicted and it presents good role models.
The content of most ace attorney games is fairly mild and younger children may be upset by the mention of murder and suicide. Blood is depicted (although unrealistic) but I don't see it being an issue. This game heavily relies on the players ability to read as all dialog is written not spoken theirfore slower readers may take quiet a while to complete chapters which could be frustrating. Figuring out the mysteries can often be difficult too which could frustrate children who may not get it. I think it depends on the maturity of the child and their problem solving skills but if you think the game would be suitable for them then I STRONGLY reccomend this game as it has strong themes of doing good, uncovering the truth and defending those who cannot defend themselves. This game is also packed with good role models and has great characters. This game also shows that even good characters make mistakes e.g the detective giving the player an outdated autopsy report on accident or witnesses lying to protect the defendant ect the game clearly shows these wrongs being undone and is, in my opinion, just what todays children need as it strengthens their reading and problem solving skills while providing fantastic role models while being a fun and enjoyable series.
The game is amazing but edgeworth sometimes says questionable things like what do you mean w***e and like a s**t could say the truth
I think this is a fantastic game! It teaches kids what to do if you want to be a lawyer. It does cost $30.00, though.
This HD collection of the original 3 ace attorney games is great. It has mild violence with blood but no gore. It also has VERY mild swears (damn, heck, etc). This game is just great in general and is a blast!
This is one of the best values currently on the 3DS E-Shop, as it’s three great games for $30. Violence consists of a few blood stains and a few dead people in pictures, but that’s about it. Swearing is virtually not present, just an occasional “hell” and “damn” really only in the first game. Sex isn’t a problem for the most part, just some skimpy/sexualized outfits but this was made in Japan. Oversexualizing things is something that happens quite a bit there. There’s also one character who smokes a pipe. Role models are excellent and the stories are very engaging. Play it. Seriously. Like, right now.
Personally, I played this game series back in 2015 when I was 10, and it's fine. The swearing is minimal, the role models are amazing, has great messages, and it'll help your kids to learn about real world problems and help them solve problems themselves using their brains. The violence is so low, even I was surprised. Black and white crime photos and minimal in-color investigations covers up the more violent murders and make the others so tame, it's almost nothing. The only one I get even slightly surprised at was the final one in Case 5 of PW:AA 1, where someone got impaled on a knight's sword, but it's very important evidence, so it's not useless. Overall, the game's fine as long as your kid's not very queasy.
What an amazing game! You got to respect a company that makes games like this. Just imagine a world where Grand Theft Auto was replaced with Phoenix Wright! (I don't play Grand Theft Auto). Players can investigate a crime scene, and play as a defense attorney. The story of each case keeps the player excited to figure out each case. This game also presents the reasons why lying is wrong. When 1 lie is made, more lies will come to protect the first lie. A game worth your time! HOWEVER, mild language appears, such as the 'D' and 'P' words. And some animated blood appears on screen, the blood I think is ok for children to handle, but the language could be a problem.
The Phoenix Wright Trilogy reminds me of a typical TV-PG crime show like Psych or Monk. The plot involves a pretty serious case, but the zany and heartwarming characters make the show much less dark. That's how the Phoenix Wright series feels. There are some pretty dark cases that mostly involve murder, but they are offset by the cartoonish visuals and over-the-top (in a good way) characters. Murders mostly happen off screen. There is blood occasionally at a crime scene, but it's a very small amount that's generally used as evidence. Some characters are threatened by the villains with weapons. Other than mild references to violence, the anime exaggerates the characters bodies. There are some female characters with very low-cut appeal. A lot of the men are unrealistically muscular. Lastly, it's important to note that this game requires a lot reading and deductive reasoning, so a level of maturity and patience is required. It's a rewarding game though with hilarious and memorable characters.
I'm serious. This is the best game ever that has ever existed. This game will blow your mind like no other game. If you don't mind reading a lot, I say don't think and GO BUY IT NOW. This game is sort of like reading a long, hilarious, but also mind-blowing and at some places super sad book with an intricate and twisting plot and characters that you will fall in love with, e.g. Miles Edgeworth. So it's basically a visual novel. I swear that you will both laugh and cry when you play this game. This game also has incredible educational value. It teaches you that no matter what circumstances, justice has to be served, or that you should never give up till the bitter end, or that you have to believe in miracles. Stuff like that. I swear that I have become a better person after finishing this game. So l demand you go and buy it now. GO. If you don't, then, I will only say, OBJECTION! IMPORTANT REMINDER: Never, ever play with the sound turned off. You will miss out on, like, probably the BEST part of this game.
great game!
hard
yoshi is the best mario character
do not play
A game that is gonna keep kids busy and maybe smart
I am not a fan of strategy games, besides Tropico. Mild violence, suggestive language, use of alcohol and tobacco and that is pretty much it. Recommended for kids that like strategy games. It is a very beautiful game.
Assassins creed 3 remastered review
Great game with sword violence
Its not that bad
A remaster that feels like a port.
This game is amazing
Its pretty darn good!
Why do u give every m game an 18+?! Like seriously like it’s not that bad I hope u guys see this and change the review! like I play it sometimes and I didn’t think it was bad so please update your review
Very infrequent strong language (only in cutscenes). There is strong sword violence (stabbing etc.) but no gore or close up wounds. Should be okay for most teens.
In assassins creed 3 you take the role as Conner a Native American assassin who try’s to track down Templars during the American revolution war. There is not a lot of swearing and blood can be disabled. It also has some educational value because you meet important historical figures such as George Washington and Benjamin Franklin. And you can also see events that lead up to the war such as the Boston massacre and Boston tea party. In short Assassins creed 3 is a game that 14 year olds would enjoy especially if you played the other games
This game aged quite terribly. The remaster is riddled with graphical anomalies, poor lighting, and bad textures. The gameplay is dated and repetitive, while the world is quite bland. If you buy this game, it is the same price as the Assassin's Creed Odyssey season pass, which actually includes this game. I recommend buying the gold version of odyssey, which includes this game, and often goes on sale for much cheaper if you want this game. There is quite a bit of violence in this game, but you have the option to turn off blood. Sexual content is the big issue in this one. Common sense missed quite a lot of stuff in this review. There is an implied scene where the antagonist has sex with another character. Nothing is shown, but it is strongly implied. There is another instance of a villain interacting with a woman in a crude way during the early parts of the main story. This is quite severe, and is often missed by reviews. There are other sexual references throughout the game, with quite strong language in this one. This is honestly one of the worst AC games in terms of content, and is quite bland. I recommend buying AC4 or Unity over this one.
I play this game so much its so good . There is 1 F word in the whole game!!! No sex at all And some blood but can turn off blood anybody 10 and up should definitely play this
It has some swearing and a lot of blood plus drinking.
