Great!
Amazing!!!
Great to have Yarny back again and this time with a friend!
Beautiful still emotional puzzler.
I think younger kids can handle this because it uses puzzles to train your brain! If you're playing multiplayer it can help you bond better with the person ! Get this game!
Awesome!! I loved the original Unravel, but this one is cooler because you can play it with your sister/ brother/ friends. 2 Yarnees! I recommend it for almost everyone.
We really loved the original Unravel, but this was even better because it was two player with your brother/sister. New character abilities made this fun, and we loved the wonderful illustrations. Unlocking the extra Yarny customisations was hard, but the story easy with the help of a good hint system. The spark was always there to help guide the way.
This game can be hard for younger kids. Its very cooperative game. But i think people have to play unravel one first.
its like an action movie
Good game for 13+
Okay for teens 14 and up
Not as good as the first game.
fine for mature teens
Fun game
its no worse then a normal action movie, the voilence is very under-done, it has suicide bombers that explode into chunks of meat but it de-spawns quickly, their is blood pools in free roam but only in particular areas of the map the is next to no blood on a bullet inpact, you can burn people alive with a quick around 3 second animation of the villian trying to put out the fire, their is no charring of the flesh after the burning little to no gore and if your child has youtube it is fine.
There is blood but there's not enough to really see, especially if you're in a long distance engagement (which there are a lot of). There is very frequent swearing but the cussing does not include racial slurs. Honestly, if your kid knows right from wrong there should be no problem.
This game has lots of shooting and killing, it's the main focus of the game. A little blood is shown in combat, but no gore. Strong language is used regularly by both enemy AI and other players online. Enemies make drugs that looks like green gas. Shooting works pretty well, but it gets repetitive quickly because you fight the same enemies over and over. If you enjoy other third person shooters, you will probably enjoy this game as well. Exploring the open world is boring and the story is uninteresting. The graphics look really good though.
The Division 2 has tons of new improvement, but does a lot of stuff wrong. Violence is obviously expected in a looter SHOOTER. You use a variety of weapons, from shotguns, LMG's, SMG's, handguns and more. Shots result in little bit of blood that is mostly hard to see. Language is strong in dialogue; @$$, f#!k and $h!t. Players also play with random other players that could be saying unsuitable language and phrases.
This game has no gore, but you can find dead corpses (Especially in a dark zone, inside a bag), Blood after being shot at/ shooting someone, and realistic blood pools on corpses, and there is a lot of profanity (In an online chat, but mostly when fighting other enemies.). This is good for mature 12 y/o. The game is a fun open world 3rd person shooter PvPvE where you try to save humanity from Green Poison, and enemies trying to take over the country.
Trials Rising
Doesn’t make any sense.
trials rising
Great for any age
it is not that good but if you are having a party, party mode is the a really good match!
The point system is horrible. Example, my brother and I have the same points (ex. 7), the other player had finished the race. I had more checkpoints, I was ahead of him, and all the possible reasons I could have a higher score. Yet HE had a HIGHER score than I did? What the heck is that? Also, when I am still waiting to respawn, my friend hits another checkpoint. And before I even had the chance to RESPAWN I die again? Ridiculous.
a really hard game but fun it is fun because it is challenging . There is lots of rapping but is a really engaging game I have not heard any swearing. it is a good game for kids.
I've been playing trials games for about my whole life, I have played every single one, they are all fun and great for pretty much any age, all of the violence in this game is mostly for comedic effect, no blood or gore is shown. There is no sexuality in this game, there is no language, and no blood or gore. This is just a fun, bike riding game that pretty much anyone can enjoy.
If they can watch Looney Tunes, they can play this.
2 Out
It should be 3 outs but the SOUNDTRACK amazing. you won't be disappointing with that. Gotta give em credit for that....kinda seems like they put more effort in that. cheap for Xbox wont be for long.
Why Korby is a bad game fgor childgtren
My childhood game
This team is Sao bade be cause Kirby it evil an I hat6 Kirby for it. (This is a stereotypical review of an angry parent who claims that the game is terrible for children because of dumb stuff this game is actually a very fun game go get it if you don't have the Wii version)
I love this game so much .its so cute
Good game, and not that bad in adult themes
Hot D*mn this game is fun!
Bang bang bang, pull my Devil Trigger!
Amazing Hack-and-Slash Action Game -- One of the Best In the Devil May Cry Franchise
Hot Stylish Action Game Filled With Humor and Gore
Certainly pulled my Devil Trigger.
Fifth instalment slightly more violent
Read this before you no
The legendary devil hunter and his crew are back!
Violence and language
This game is honestly one of THE BEST games I have ever played. I have been a big fan of the game series, so I was 100% in for getting this game. Now given I am not an adult, and I might see the world differently. So do not take everything here as fact, but more as an opinion. Let me start out by saying the game is violent, but for a reason. You are a devil hunter in this game, meaning you hunt demons, devils and the likes. In the game series and this game itself it is shown and explained that killing a demon isn't easy. So sure using a giant sword might be over the top, but justifyable. Would you prefer fighting a being as powerfull as a demon with a kitchen knife? Well I wouldn't and neither would the game's protagonists. When it comes to smoking, alcohol and drug usage. There is only one character in the game who smokes which is a woman called: "Nico". She shokes nearly all the time, and the game even says they do not condone smoking or the use of tabacco before you even get into the gameplay. Meaning they got their priorities straight when it comes down to the ussage of tabacco and the likes. The "Sex" in this game is not non existant. There are more than a few cleavage shots, and naked women where the camera just does not show their private parts. Either by not being in the field of few, or blocked by something different than clothing. But "the deed" itself cannot be seen in the game, nor do I recal any references to it being in the game. I also want to adress the language in this game. One of the main protagainists named: "Nero" swears a fair amount. He has a rather teenage attitude, but shows he can go without swearing. He says things like: "Time to kick some a--" or "F--k you". Where from the latter is a late game joke which I will not adress, due to spoilers. He is mainly like "Dante" another protagainist of the game, he is more prone to mocking his foes than he is to swearing, or flipping them off as happens once in the game. The final thing I want to mention is the good message and role model in the game. Sure the protagainists use violence to protect humanity, and are pretty much half or quarter demon themselves. But this game does give off the message that not every demon is evil, and that not every bad is wrong. While an important part in the story for "Nero" is wanting revenge for his lost arm, which is understandable, it is also told how a half demon half human split his halves into 2 fulls. Revealing that in the end the demon remained more human than the human did, which turned into the true devil. So over all this game is not that bad when it comes to mature content. No worse than the games before it which also we're 16+ or well, most of them. I would say anyone of the age of 13 and up who understands the difference between fact and fiction should be fine to go. otherwise at least wait untill you are 15 please.
Look, there are some adult references, but I mean come on, its a devil may cry game. They aren't much, but if you're mega strict about those things then ok. But when it some to fun this game rocks it. Its not too hard to get in to with an easy combo option and the easy difficulty is pretty easy, but if you can figure the combos out then this might just be one of the most fun things you can ever play.
EVERYONE READ THIS START TO END This is the best game in the Devil May Cry games, I just love everything about it. I especially like its theme song, Devil Trigger. However there is too much swearing!!! Blood? Yes, but still not too much for me to handle. So what is that bang bang bang about? That was me playing the game cuz its so good! Unleash your inner devils people!!
This game is a really fun hack-and-slash, action, good vs. evil game, but it does require at least some skills to play effectively. It's a very violent game, though, and it can get pretty bloody in some instances, especially in select cutscenes. Two cutscenes that demonstrate this are a scene where a mysterious character rips off a main character's arm, and later in the game, the same mysterious character stabs himself in the abdomen with a sword. The nudity is quite tame, whereas most of the graphic parts are obscured by slime, lighting, or other objects. There is one scene played for humor, but the nudity is censored by light diffraction. The language is pretty strong, including uses of "f**k" and "sh**" in the dialogue. Smoking is pretty frequently used, but not excessively, and it does not "advertise" smoking (This is put into a disclaimer in the opening cutscene.). You are able to buy add-ons for the game, but this is only currency and costume, so they are not needed. The game itself revolves around killing demons and, thus, containing some demonic images, like pentagrams. All in all, the game is an extremely fun one, with amazing graphics and gameplay, and some witty humor and fan service throughout, but it might only be suitable for older teens due to it's semi-complex gameplay and more mature content.
let me just say that i'm a huge fan of the Devil May Cry Series and the latest installment is in my eyes the best that the series has to offer, when it comes to the mature tones of this game i feel as though that it's not as bad as other M Rated games out there like Grand Theft Auto, Call Of Duty Ect, but don't get me wrong it does have gore and a little bit of "sexy" stuff, and what i mean by that is that if you're not watching the cutscenes the gore and sexy stuff is practically gone, even when you're fighting enemies the gore is more just slashes of blood and the only bit of sexy stuff you could remotely find is that Trish and Lady are captured by some demons and after Dante and Nero save them they are naked but there breasts and lower area are never exposed, the humor in here is the type that i enjoyed but i don't think its for everyone, like Dante spouting out quirky one liners left and right and doing some stupidly funny stuff, and when Nero insults his enemies one example being when he calls the main Villain Urizen a douche bag and what i mean by "its not for everyone" is that i don't think everyone is going to laugh when after Dante is done slashing demons with his motorcycle he says "Hows that for road rash" and a bunch of other cheesy one liners same thing goes for Nero insulting his enemies, DMC5 has a lot of swear words but personally i don't mind them, i could let my kid play this game with no worries. so in the end top notch Gameplay, semi decent story and a grand SoundTrack gives an absolutely stellar experience that no action gamer should miss.
As a series fan I was a bit apprehensive going into this one, especially after how disappointing DMC4 was. I'm happy to report the game surpassed my expectations and then some. So, in terms of content there really isn't anything that bad. Blood yes, but the violence is only committed against evil demons. Some of the characters wear revealing outfits, but honestly it isn't anything that bad. Dante can be considered a debatably good role model (I still love him to bits) as can Nero and the rest of the crew. Really though, the content isn't that bad, and the game's a lot of fun to boot. This game may not condone smoking, but it certainly condones devil trigger.
A great return to the original Devil May Cry franchise. Violence is tuned up a bit in this instalment. Blood sprays, blood splatters and characters can be covered up in blood. Strong profanity is minor though: s-words, a-words, b-words and one f-word. Partial nudity is contained. Characters are naked but covered somehow; either by slime, light, or blanket.
Devil may cry five is a fantastic game that has tons of great content and easily worth the price the great story and the great game play make for a great gaming experience are you both consuls and PC the only mature content is violence it is quite bloody but the cartoonish nature and the pacing of the game kind of washes that out if it wasn’t for the blood in the go or I would’ve had given it a lower rating but I still think it does not deserve an 18+ and if your kid is 14 or older I think it would be a great pick up and I highly recommend it
After over a decade of absence from the main devil may cry series, Capcom brings Devil May Cry 5!, The legendary devil hunter Dante makes a return along with the young devil hunter Nero, and a mysterious character by the name of "V" is introduced. Devil May Cry is renown for its challenge, but it is all the more satisfying when you pass a battle! The game does contain some revealing scenes, but are mostly concealed, and some scenes that contain citizens in severe pain, Nero also has an attitude of an older teen, with lines such as "time to kick some ass". The game sees Dante, Nero and V team up to defeat the demon king Urizen to stop the tree attacking Redgrave city, and prevent Urizen reaching a fruit containing insane power, and the story of Dante's mothers death continues... And a return of one more character awaits you. NOT FOR CHILDREN OR YOUNGER TEENS. PEGI 18, M (MATURE) MY RECCOMENDATION: 16+
Can get bloody at times and bad language frenquently also women in revealing outfits
