Sixth instalment delivers so much more!
DOA6 is here and kick butt! The fighting game returns for yet another intense sequel. Violence is slightly more graphic. Characters get bruised and bleed during fights. Damage is shown with blood effects. Language is present but is only the use of "$h!t." Sexuality is present. More skimpy and suggestive outfits, but slightly more mild. A lot of cleavage can be seen with some outfits but never too much. Cleavage also has jiggle effects when the fighter moves. Innuendo is infrequent but heard in dialogue.
A bloody game that oozes style.
The game is about you, a gorilla, that tries to escape by smashing and killing everything that is on the way. Of course, there is blood and use of guns. It is also very easy to play.
Complex and requires skill.
A good grand strategy game.
Great game
Intense!
Stellaris- incredibley complex and requires deep thought to play
In-depth game with a lot to offer
This game features little to no violence, with spaceships exploding and planets being destroyed. It can be hard for younger players, and a great deal of time needs to be spent before the game gets fun. The reason I gave this game a 2 star review is that it is extremely buggy, and the devs of the game, Paradox Interactive, don't fix bugs often. DLCs are many and of low quality, and a small amount of pressure is put on the player to purchase them.
It is a very deep game with mechanics that can be very complicated, but there is no presence of Swearing, Gore, etc. Still you shouldn't give this to a 8 year old. It can be complicated your managing an empire you have to manage resources. You have to maintain good relations with other empire or go to war. To wrap things up as long as your kid understands how to do it. It is a fine game.
This game is a great grand strategy game that gets you thinking. The gameplay is great for strategy game fans. However the learning curve is brutal but manageable for older players. Its a shame that most of the content can only be unlocked by payed DLC . TLDR: Great game overall but hard to learn and bad DLC policy.
Amazing game with deep mechanics! Im not sure how to describe this game because its so amazing. Would recommend.
This game is very complicated. So complicated that kids under the age of 14 probably wouldn't be able to play it well. It is very deep and intuitive and VERY, VERY, VERY complex.
Stellaris is an exciting game of an intergalactic empire making its way in the diverse and expansive galaxy that you begin in. The game has a lot of multitasking and goals you can reach in it and is unlimited when considering your choice of how you carve your path in the universe; some of these goals include: Expansion via colonies, research to augment your empire, establishing a viable profit, and many others. Just like the title states; this game is very in-depth, and it's a steep learning curve. However, once you learn about the game mechanics it is very easy to play on from there. I would say that the game is designed more for older audiences, not in the case of sexual themes or language, but more of the style of play that it offers. In my opinion, it would be appropriate for an 11 year old, or even a 10 year old to play this game, but it should be recommended that someone who has a good understanding of strategy titles should play and not somebody looking for an easy game with mechanics that are easy to pick up. With that being said, I am not attempting to shoot down Stellaris, but more so trying to accentuate that this game is very extensive and detailed and requires a more seasoned gamer to actually enjoy it. On some further notes, the game doesn't have any sexual themes or swearing that you should worry about. However, there are some thrilling and hectic space battles that are not too hard to encounter in the complex setting of the galaxy you are positioned in and there are some hints of substance abuse from leaders you hire as one of the game mechanics and this may be a very minor influence for the way the game plays out from that point on. However, it is not expounded on in almost any way. The game has a very steep learning curve, but is easy to pick up when the game mechanics are understood. There are not very many things parents should be worried about when considering buying this for your children or when buying it for yourself. The game is a bit pricey, but it is worth it for the right audiences.
For competitive DiRT fans, probably one of the most hardcore in the series
DiRT Rally 2.0 is an entry to a long running series of challenging rally racing, but a sequel to the DiRT Rally series. Violence is in the form of vehicular violence. Cars look very detailed when damaged. High speed crashes are pretty violent, no one is hurt though. Gambling or consumerism is mildly present, In app purchases are not really necessary. Drugs and use of alcohol is not present,but the game advertises Monster Energy Drinks.
Bad graphic's and a lego world's copy
Really good game!
awesome game
I played this game and I love almost every lego game but the graphic's sucked the story was not even similar to the film and they basically made lego world's with worse graphic's and then downgraded it to a game no one want's so if any lego employ reads this fix this next game and to all family's just don't get it.
This game is fun for anyone who has not watched the film, but it is not very accurate. It is great to play with friends or family. My favourite part of it is the special chests and the various items you can get. You can even get a rainbow torch, a guitar, and a telescope! Also plenty of references to old LEGO themes. I definitely recommend this!
just like the first!
Very Entertaining and not graphic
Anthem
this game has a lot of chooting but no blood chatering
Awesome Action Game has language.
WTH?! This is game for 18+ in Russia!!!!
A Little Confusing in the Beginning, but Graphics are Spectacular!
The game is not what you'd expect from a 16 (In the UK) as far as I've seen its soldiers in Special suits fighting giant titans and aliens and in my opinion works a bit like battlefront this a great game a PEGI 12 is suitable not a 16
This game is awesome, some blood, and alcohol themes
if you like adventure than this is the rite game for you
Anthem is an Action 3rd person shooter game which consists of flying around and shooting futuristic characters (that are very rarely human). The game can get intense with its flashy gun flares and explosions, but never has blood. When any enemy is shot, the game is usually to dimly lit to be revealing, and when the game is well lit, the blood is nowhere to be found. However, it is there. In the opening fight scene, FreeLancer (the main protagonist) is shown flying in the air shooting large aliens with wings. A small bit of blackish blood flys out from under the gun muzzle. Also, at the beginning, 2 protagonists are killed in the act of fighting a giant titan-like creature. One man is hit by its large hand and hit into a wall where his motionless body lyes (no blood, but it is stated that “he’s gone”) and the other man is crushed by its fist. We don’t see the body, but we do see the fist land on his head. No blood is shown when he is crushed, but when the giant lifts up his fist, some red blood sprays out from underneath. That and the opening fight scenes is the only times blood appears. In gameplay, once again, blood is never shown. (Other violence includes an offscreen execution with elemental powers, hand to hand combat by humans, and a city raid where some civilians are killed offscreen). The language in this game is surprisingly frequent. There are constant uses of Hell and damn, less frequent uses of ass (although there is still about 25 uses), very infrequent uses of sh*t and one incomplete use son of a b*tch. “You son of a-!”. Overall: 10+
This is game is 18+ for Russia! I live in Russia but here in this game a Teen gameplay. But here nothing here in Russia! The creator of game is can't think about us! Well creator of this game, make a this game for teens please!
It's a little confusing in the beginning, and has a lot of information packed into that one game, but other than that, the graphics are just amazing, probably the best graphics I have ever seen in an EA game, or even any game for that matter, and it does have a lot of swearing, but it should be okay for ages 13 and up. It's one of the most entertaining video games I've seen, and there is just so much life! Since I play on Xbox, the controller vibrates as I fire, jump or even walk, and that just increases the level of enthusiasm for everybody. The first time I played this game, I was extremely confused on where to go, what to do, and the main thing that I wanted to do is to fight, but keep in mind, there is so much more than just fighting; there is talking to strangers, completing missions, making virtual friends, and so, so much more! I really hope you enjoy this game as much as I do!
Fun, a bit repititive though
Wrecking zone is fun and the campaign is good. It’s mostly just violent and has language but 13 year olds can handle it
open world, doomsday survival
Good game
this game is soooooo addicting
Depends on what parents think most of all
good for this age group
Fine for an adult teen
No sex, no swearing
very fun exploring huge open world. lots of violence but nothing too bad. some blood (which can be turned off). great game for teens aged 13+
I enjoyed this game
yes this game does have swearing and bloody combat including knifes to the face, but there is no gore, just blood. i know that is still bad but this game is appropriate for reasonably mature teens.
This game contains: Strong violence, strong language, explicit Rap, sexual content, cults In terms of: Language, it does have your usual swears, S word, F Bomb, H Word, etc, no racial slurs/insults, that I remember anyway In terms of: violence, it is almost non-stop violence throughout, it isn't very bloody at all, besides some cutscenes (WARNING) a main character gets their head blown off Around halfway through the main campaign! also, some cutscenes are VERY BRUTAL AND DISTURBING In terms of: Explicit music, almost every song on the Rap Channel is explicit, you unlock a new station around 5-10 missions in! In terms of: sexual content, it has VHS tapes (may have been removed) most girls wear bras and pants, nothing to bad. In terms of: Cults, it's the same as Far Cry 5 pretty much. A warning to parents! This game will cover religious content! This game is very violent! This game may teach your child swears!
I have played a lot of the Far Cry games and I would say this is the best one because it has a good moral like freedom. so it can teach people freedom of speech but there also isn't much swearing nor sex. just a lot of violence, witch should be expected because you are "fighting for rights"
I am a not an adult yet but I do play a lot of games, Far Cry New Dawn is one of the games I played most recently. Let me start out by saying there is no direct sexual content in this game, just references to it in innapropriate ways. Nothing worse than when someone calls you a "pussy" in high school. And the game involves bad language, but again. Not any worse than what I hear in my own high school. As for the game in general, yes it is violent. But in this case it is somewhat realistic. If the world comes to an end and there are only so many survivors, even if it are only 2. In the end one is going to want the other dead. So people fighting it out is not that off, but the way this game handles the violence is unrealistic. Sure you can die within a couple shots one after the other, but you can regen verry quickly. Which is unrealistic. In general this game isn't all that bad, it is one heck of an adrenaline rush playing with a friend. I'd recomend it for an adult teenager. The age of 15 might be a bit under or over it. But I'd say it is fine to play on these conditions: 1. The player understands that violence is not a realistic problem solver in real life. 2. The player understands that the game is souly made around the rush of it, not to be realistic on inspiring. If these conditions in general are there, I'd say nothing is wrong with the game. Hope it helped you decide, and in case you are planning on getting it: Much fun with the game!
The swearing is only on the radio, so just don’t use it, it’s optional. Gore is just like halo. Personally I think this game should be 16, no sex whatsoever. Mild drug use just smoking and areas where the gas in the air makes your character hallucinate. I recommend for children 12+. Your character is for freedom for innocent people, which is a very good act, just using quite a lot of violence.
Really good game
An immersive survival adventure with a few shortcomings
The sex and the drinking and drugs are incorrect
Beautiful game, Very heavy and lots of swearing
A real review!
I love it the story was good and they should continue making metro games.
For adults or mature teens.
Tunnels, Mutants, and Vodka!
Even though I haven't played any of the previous Metro games as of now, this is one of the most immersive games I have ever played. The atmosphere captures the harshness of the environment so vividly, and the exceptional graphics and sound only add to it. The semi-open world works very well, for the most part. Exploring and looking for resources while dodging mutants to conserve ammo is very tense, sometimes scary. Gameplay is rather slow-paced and less action-packed than say Borderlands or Dying Light, but you still have plenty of enemies to shoot. Some things could of used finer tuning, technical issues can break immersion and hit detection is inconsistent. The story and voice acting isn't good, but there are worse examples. My biggest complaint is the Caspian chapter, which was a bit of a slog compared to the rest of the game. The actual content itself isn't too bad, violence is just shooting and melee takedowns with some blood, swearing is standard, and there is some drinking and brief nudity. The tone is very grim and disturbing, probably one of the more realistic depictions of the apocalypse. It's a solid 20 hour shooter that focuses more on mood than spectacle.
Its a great game but not really for kids, and they must have barely even played the game because common sense doesnt tell you about being able to smoke weed or about the strip club with bare breasts.
I would like to submit this review to one up the one done by CSM. Let’s start off this game is absolutely incredible. The game is very immersive and when playing with headphones it can almost seem as if you are in the game. The game is based around the character, Artyom he has been the protagonist of the metro games from 2033 to Last Light and now Exodus. He is a Spartan Ranger, basically a skilled survivor of the wasteland. The gameplay is exquisite with Artyom feeling vulnerable and not an invincible hero as in games such as Halo, yes the game is survival focused (no eating or drinking required) with the need for scavenging being a constant need. In the beginning of the first area you are given almost a portable workbench where attachments can be installed which can be scavenged from enemy guns. Workbenches are also in place where ammo can be crafted for the various weapons. The gunplay is satisfying and is fairly realistic with a focus on stealth. And last the game is not fully open world though each area is somewhat open which seems perfect for the situation and makes for a incredible game experience. All and all if you don’t mind being a wasteland survivor and exploring a brutal depressing world this game is for you! Notes: violence is moderate blood is shown no gore when shot though. Intense moments are great but not for all. Bandits shout words like Motherfu*cker, shit and characters use all sorts of curse words but anyone mature enough will handle it. Nothing sexual in game unlike Last Light. Enjoy everyone!
Fun but not for young kids.
"Metro Exodus" is a pretty good game. I played it and I enjoyed it. Even though the rating says that there are only sexy posters on the wall, there is also a strip club with topless women in the game. During the Caspian Sea mission when the player goes inside the Munai-Bailar oil rig, there is a strip club and brothel inside. The player is able to skip this if the player initiates a fight against Munai-Bailar, but other than that, the game is pretty good and could be played by anyone 10 and up. The language isn't any worse than the average 12 year old and the violence isn't any worse than any other game.
The Metro series has really been a good display of what Triple AAA companies can do now. With the new edition of Metro: Exodus, you play as the main protagonist Artyom, a survivor of the Metro, and battle your way through the Post-Apocalyptic tunnels of the once great Moscow metro! This game is a horror/survival, along with a FPS. It has some very intense and scary scenes which may be found not suitable for young children. Therefore I do not recommend it for 14 and below.
