Yes.
Most ages won't have a problem, there's a little sexualization of characters but it's not a problem. Wars involve fighting (obviously). But it's pretty kid friendly but only older audiences will understand a lot of aspects.
Awesome but difficult
Tetris Battle Royale
:O
wow its just a puzzle game CSM
?
One of the Best Versions of Tetris Yet!
Fine game, but fun at times
Best battle royale game ever It deserves more than 5 stars
Brain tickling.
You may think you’re good at tetris and so you want to play this game, hoping that you can achieve a victory royale or nearly one fairly easily. Then when you play the game... you’ll have 10 lines of garbage sent to you and it’s game over. Then you’ll be sad. I had a similar experience. I thought I was good but then discovered I’m not that good. I stopped playing for a few weeks then started again and felt like I was having fun. I also felt like I was gradually getting better. I started watching some videos of really good tetris 99 players and learnt a few strats from them. Before this game I didn’t even know what a t spin was. Or a back to back. Or an all clear. I then found out all these cool things. The game has no tutorial so look up about stuff like attacking modes and badges. As I played the game more I got better and better. Now I have about 45 victory royales and I can sometimes pull off t spin doubles (triples are still impossible for me though). I can also do some l and j spins. I am also much faster than I was before. If you practise, you can always get better! I rated this 10+ because of the difficulty. There is no violence, language or inappropriate stuff. You should get this game. It’s amazing and is the best battle royale game out there! Thanks for reading. From Prath7 (Prath09 in game)
At least its better than Fortnite
There's blood when you kill someone and if you win you get to watch a scene of bloody murder. Just kidding in all honesty this game is amazing! fun to play and addicting! would recommend!
Tetris is a puzzle game why is it rated 8+ like there is nothing bad in it. I think CSM certified raters diddint even play it before.
It’s Tetris
Let me just start off by saying that I am a huge Tetris fan. It's such a brilliant game. Tetris 99 takes the well known Tetris format and makes it so much better! This game includes the classic marathon mode, which you can either try to clear 150 lines or 999, but also includes a battle royale mode. Just because it has battle in the name doesn't mean that it's actually violent. It just means that you compete against everyone to become the winner. The battle mode really brings something extra exciting to the game that's never really been done before. Great game, it's a must have!
It's litterally just competitive tetris. There is nothing bad about this game. might be a-bit hard for young players, I haven't had too much fun with the game though, it's not the kid of Tetris I was looking for
Tetris 99 is one of the most innovative games ever. May be a bit hard. I personally have never gotten into the top 10 but it is still really really fun.
I think this game is a great game for kids because of its educational value, For example: Tetris 99 is a game about winning against 99 players. But it also makes the player use their head to complete the tricky game.
Great game, does not dissapoint!
amazing
Good
This game is like the others in the series: Fantastic! Although I would absolutely recommend the Japanese version over the English, this game is still a good addition to the series. It adds so many features to keep the game fresh. The story was amazing. Violence is slight (adorable ghosts beating each other up), but game three is definitely heavier. It involves a literal mob boss with a ton of gangsters, using dynamite, grenade launchers, and even guns. So while Yo-Kai Watch 3 is a bit more on the violent side, it is still amazing for all ages.
its really a great game, kids wont get bored of it and it teaches the difference between american and japanese cultures
While not as good and easier than the first two games. It's still really good and fun i still recommend playing it but get it digital Physical copies are rare.
Let your kids try the game
This game is good and promotes diversity and gives all kids a relatable character
Great but stop comparing it to fortnite.
Different from fortnite try it out
fun
great team work and good role models
Very fun game! Not like Fortnite.
Let your kids get this
Da Best
Best bottle Royale game I've ever played
Let your kids play this .
It is a good game but not for younger kids.
Really Good!
It’s great
Apex Ledgends isnt for 9 or younger
amazing
I rated
My favorite game!
The game is really fun
When most parents of younger children see 'blood' in a rating they overreact. There is zero gore in Apex Legends. Most games use blood as a warning that you are losing health. It is just a red tint if you will around the edge of your screen. If this helps, you can use knives to stab other players by 'finishing them.' Overall, age does not matter when deciding if your child can play Apex Legends. It is based on maturity. Apex Legends is aimed at teens, so that is what they rated it. Yes, I am just a 14 year kid so if you don't think my opinion is valid then please disregard this review. Hope this helps. Have a nice day!
First off let me say that Apex Legends is my favorite game and it is far better than Fortnite both by gameplay and by messages. This game not only has the battle royale mode but a PVE(Playing against AI/the game rather than other players) If you are worried about swearing then it is very easy to make it so that random squadmates(you have to play either duos or trios) are muted so they can't talk to your child and that means your child can't hear them swear or hear them at all. Like I said above you can only play trios or duos(no solos) and that is because the game focuses more on teamwork and it teaches kids that you can't win by doing everything yourself(like you can in Fortnite) but you need to work together and combine your abilities to defeat other squads. Now, you might be thinking that your kid will get really mad when they lose(maybe you have had or heard some fortnite horror stories) but people just seem more relaxed in Apex. I rarely get mad at games but I do see myself in other battle royales feeling a small bit of anger when I lose but in Apex the most mad me and my friends have ever got is saying "Oh dang it we were so close!" And the only time we yell is sometimes you can get caught by surprise and we yell out of fright/surprise. Now you might be wondering why I said it promotes diversity and that is because it is the first battle royale to have such a diverse background and I will list the diverse cast of the characters(there backgrounds and what they do) - Lifeline: A Black British Woman who is the healer and her ablities focus more on healing others than herself and putting herself in danger to save her teammates/friends. Her abilities are a drone which revives a teammate allowing her to be free to do other stuff at the same time(either defending her fallen teammate or reviving another teammate allowing you to revive 2 people at once) She can also call in a Care Package which brings medical supplies &amp; sheilds(extra health/protection) Her personality is very happy and positive - Gilbraltor: A Gay Male Pacific Islander who creates sheilds for both himself and his team. He can throws a giant bubble shield and he can also send in an orbital strke(blasts from above) His personality is very warm and he wants everyone to be loved and treats his squadmates like family. - Mirage: A Latino/Hispanic Man who creates decoys or "mirages"(like his name) that can be used to distract opponents to give your team good positioning. He is really good for defeating stereotypes because he represents every Gay stereotype but he is not gay which teaches kids stereotypes don't define people(while the actual gay people are in no way stereotypes) - Caustic: He is a White Man who is a scientist and his abilities specialize in traps which can help your team hold down certain spots and it encourages smart play, strategy &amp; teamwork to get in good positions with the traps. His personality is dark and he is shown to be mysterious and kind of like a evil scientist. - Loba: She is a Hispanic/Latina woman whose powers include teleporting(done by throwing her teleportation rings )and the Black Market since she is supposed to be a genius and she uses this tech gadget to allow her to loot a entire town without going through it(instead she creates a Portal which contains everything in that area and you can just pick it up without wasting time. She is a good role model for girls because not only is she the leader of the group of heroes in the story of the game/story mode but she also is a genius which is a great role model for girls. - Pathfinder: He is a robot who is programmed to be a male(presumably) and his ablities are centered around moving your team around. He has a grappler which can be done quicker but it only moves him but he also has a zipline which can move his whole team and help you get high ground and reach hard to get places. His personality is happy go-lucky and he calls everyone friend and his chest has a screen which shows a happy emoji/smiley face when he is happy and at the start and when they are in danger it shows a sad face. - Bloodhound: They are a Non-Binary person whose face is hidden and their face is intentionally hidden to hide their biological sex so that any non-binary person(no matter their biological sex) can feel represented by them. They are a tracker whose abilities revolve around revealing enemies locations and footsteps(you can use this to push into battles or to try to avoid other teams whatever your team feels is best) - Bangalore: She is a Black Woman who is a military vet(based off dialogue she was very high ranking) who really does embody the strong independent woman more than any other battle royale character I have ever seen. And I said Loba was the leader but Loba only entered in this season(One new legend/playable character is added each season) (each season is about 2-3 months) and before Loba, Bangalore was the leader of the heroes. Her abilities are very much survival based like when she is getting shot at she runs at double her normal speed and she can shoot a smoke grenade which will make everything cloudy allowing your team to get away she can also send in missiles to provide cover and create a barrier of missiles around where your teams is. - Wraith: A White Woman who has a goth like personality and her powers involve heading into the void(a place that is in between dimensions) one ablity is called Phase Walk and it makes you nearly invisable and you move faster which is good for scouting for your team or making it into the next eye of the storm/circle. She can also make a portal which can not only go farther than Phase Walk and you can keep going through the same portal over and over again but you can bring your team with you. She also recives warnings from the voices of the void which will warn you when you are spotted or being looked at by another team and that let's you warn your teammates(while you can do this over the mic there are also tons of pings/markers which correspond with dialouge pre-written for your character allowing for you to communicate with your team very well without ever having to talk to them or have them hear you which is good if you don't want your kid talking to strangers) - Watson: She is a White Woman who is another good smart role model for kids as she is a engineering whiz and according to her bio always pursued her passion for acadmeics and is a genius. Her ablities revolve around electrical traps &amp; tools which can block stuff off(her security bars which are good for making a mini-base in a house for your team and her pylons which will intercept any ordances(grenades, gas traps, ziplines, etc.) and will recharge the sheilds(extra protection/health) of your team but be careful because the tech can't tell friend from foe and will destroy the traps and grenades of your own team so you have to work together to make sure you are not countering each others ablities). - Reveant: He is a robot/cyborg male who is the bad guy of the story and that shows in his game play as his lines are all evil and he only cares about death(kind of good message to have him be the bad guy) and his ablites are the Death Totem which keep people alive actually and will prevent people from dying when they are downed giving you more time to revive and it can heal while you fight(it goes with the cyborg theme as he is always replacing his body in the story) - Octane is either a lighter skinned Latino/Hispanic or a tan white skinned man who is supposed to be a speed craver and he sticks himself with this thing that makes him go faster but it makes him take some damage/get hurt. This was meant to make him look like an X-Games player as he takes the risk of getting hurt for all the fun &amp; thrill of going fast or jumping high since his other move is throwing a bouncy pad that launches him high in the air. Some people may mistake the way Octane is portyaed for it to show a Drug Addict but that is not what the devlopers were going for(this is per an interview from them) Crypto: He is a Philippiano/Asian man who is a tech genius who uses his cyber implats to give him a tactical advantage(sorry this descrpion is so short I just don't play as him much hence I don't have too much info on him) This game is so teamwork based and that is the awesome thing about it! You have to decide which combo of legends(characters) will work and it shows how everyone is good in some way as every legend is good in different scenarios. For example one of the combos that is really good is Caustic &amp; Watson(along with any third legend) because if you want to play more hiding and holding down a house or bunker or some indoor area then you can use Caustic's gas barrels to block the doors and trap them up and you can also use Watson's gates to do the same things whilst using Watson's plyons to block all grenades, ablities and shots being thrown at you through windows you can use Reveant in that situation because his Death Totem can give you good extra health that is much needed if you are shooting out a window. You could also use Loba because her Black Market let's you pick up healing from the area outside without having to leave the safety(and comprise your position) of your house. Her teleport rings can also let you quickly run out on a quick scouting mission or to get a few blasts in on another team and then quickly teleport back to your house and the same goes for using Wraith's skills that way. You can also use Lifeline to heal people and give extra healing to you within the saftey of your house. But if you want more high paced action with more battles and more running at people then go with people like Bangalore, Wraith, Mirage, Octance, Lifeline, Reveant or Loba because Mirage's decoys help and Bangalore's smoke let's you cause confusion and get into and out of battles quickly same goes for Wraith and Octane's skills and then Reveant is good for damage dealing whilst Loba let's you get loot quick so you can get right to action and Lifeline gives you on the go healing and quicker revives which helps for a high paced/always running type of play. Some people on these reviews I see complain about the way that the syringes &amp; med kits are bad because they look like drug injectors but actually what they are going for is the futuristic style with you being able to heal yourself super quickly(like the Bacta &amp; Kolto shots that people get in Star Wars or the quick heals given in Star Trek) so they mean to go futuristic not drugs(this also goes for the thing Octane injects to go faster) I hope this has been helpful to the people who read this(since you just read this monsterly long review a wrote)
I love this game and it is really great for older kids and teens. I know that some parent don't like blood but its very minimal and there is no gore. The game is heavily based on teamwork but some ply might swear but you can mute them. Also sometimes they might say something like damn but that all. Its easy to play and you can play with friends. And its 100% free but there is microtransactions (thanks a lot EA). You should let you kids play it BUT make sure they don't get you credit card, LOL. I hope this helps you decide.
1st of all let's get something or right off the bat this game is very very fortnight I mean through so many other things we can do the character is have voice lines which makes it very interactive and not as boring and As quiet then fortnite what makes epic so different is the ability's that the that legends can use I recommend that you should be and least 9 years old a play this cause there's not that much blood and no gore.
so ya it has some blood but not a whole lot but it is cinda hard so ya but it is my new favrote shooter (a lot better than fortnite) cida realilistic and all of the game modes are all working togethor
it is a good game with a little bit of blood but it is ok. the game has great role models and great team work skills.
I used to be a Fortnite fan, but I switched when this game came out. I really liked it right away, I liked all the characters and the realistic graphics. Note to parents! This game is a lot better than Fortnite. The “blood” in this game is only a red hue that appears on the side of the screen when you are injured. Unlike Fortnite the guns in the game aren’t modelled after real guns. Each “legend” in this game have unique abilities that will help your team during the battle royale scenario. I think anyone age 10 and up will play this game and enjoy it. It is a bit challenging but still quite fun. Anyone who buys this game will like it. If you are wondering wether to let your kids play this, maybe try playing the game yourself. I’m sure you and your kids will enjoy it.
This game is suitable for any age as long as they are responsible. Any 10 year old should be able to play this. You should never judge a game by the rating. Just get it, and if it's too violent, delete it. It doesn't suck up money like fortnite. It's also not as addictive, but more fun. You should let your kid get this.
Is more realist than Fortnite but, still better than any Halo and COD. This is a very fun game that you should let your kid play
Well this game does have a little bit of blood is not overly graphic at all I would be comfortable with the most kids playing this game the only other thing is the voice chat your younger kids might want to avoid this game if they are very sensitive to online toxicity however if you can get past all of that this is a great game and I've never really liked for Fortnite and this is a great battle royale to replace that game
If you are a parent and think that your 10 year old child can’t handle this game you are wrong. I’ve played this for two days now and I feel like the European PEGI rating (16+) is wrong. The ESRB (American) rating isn’t too bad. (T For Teen (13+)) The game is fantastic and has nice graphics. It’s a bit violent but not more or less violent than Fortnite. You can see a bit blood but it’s barerly visible.) The game is in my opinion a mix between Titanfall, Overwatch and Fortnite. I’ve enjoyed this game and I think that your 10 year old kid should be able to do that too.
I think that it is a good game for, as it says in the rating, teens. I feel that anyone younger than 12 should not play a game like this.
Its really good and not gory at all. I think its good for 13 +. It is good and not bloody and is good for people who like fps and battle royales the thing about this game is that you have to have good aim or else you cant get kills.
I think that it’s fine for other kids since it reminds me of a mix of fortnite with overwatch except that it looks different
great GREAT gameplay but hase blood and mostly for COD player who wants a battle royale experience
it has cool characters with different powers but some of them have dark voice lines but other than that it is fun am entertaning.
They say it's good game
My sister and I love play apex legends. It has amazing graphics and a fantastic story behind every character that makes you more invested in the game. While there is a bit of cursing, it isn't enough to detour me from play. My mom loves the game to even if she has to spend money every once in a while.
The game can be really fun most of the time. the game can become a bit disturbing with the kill animations but other than that, its really fun
