Fun Game which is Kind of violent
Amaizing!
Great Game
Love this game
I mean, come on folks this game rules
No to Apex?
Personally I think this not that Violent
It’s really fun for about 9 to10
fun
Minor language, some blood, somtimes ends up under death-boxes ( blood splat)
Minor gore some edgy voice lines
Apex is a great shooter and br set in the Titanfall universe
Awesome Game!
Incredible
very fun but very hard as well
Apex No.1!
More realistic but still appropiate
Apex Legends is the true champion of the battle royales
Similar to Fortnite but more realistic
This game has guns blood and mild violence I play it on my computer and it's fun to play
This game is great but it has a lot of blood and healing/ reviving might be too violent for some young kids. It has teamwork although has online chat which others may curse. It has lots of characters and it may take a some time to learn each character. It has an in game store and costs real money.
revenant is best with dont die power up caustic is good too
This game has some blood but barely visible. If you kids plays overwatch this game should be fine. There is no gore in apex. There is very mild language. You might here damn or crap but that was never a big deal to me. This game is a step up from Fortnite so if you kid played Fortnite previously they would be able to get into Apex. This has been my favorite game of 2020 so far.
UM so the game overall is really fun and not very gory the only time there is blood is when the player is shooting another players health not shield/armor. The finishers are kinda bad but there isn't really blood in the finishers and its not good to do a cutscene while your in battle so finishers don't really happen that much. Overall great game so fun
Hi, Apex legends is a great game that teaches people teamwork through the amount of things that you need to rely on teamwork for. The blood in the game is minimal to none and is barely noticable. As for voice chat, this can be turned off in game or system wide parental controls. you dont really need to rely on voice chat because of the games unique ping system which includes voicelines of the characters you equip. There is not as much consumerism as other games and most of the game is play to win. You can purchase other legends with currency you earn, or you can buy it aswell. in the voicelines, however, there is minimal swearing (nothing too extreme). they may say "hell yea" or "damnit" but this is not very often. in conclusion, this game is not as timid as Fortnite, but not as extreme as COD. if your child plays Fortnite, this should be a decent fit for them
I do not know why people are saying that it’s really violent but it has a little bit of blood not that much it’s really fun to play personally the voice chat sometimes get toxic but most the time people are really nice if you’re a parent and if your kids want to play Apex just let them personally I think you should be 10 because there’s just a lot of blood but not that much sometimes the legends say words like hell Dammit ass but not really bad words and also the Story really good I highly recommend it it’s not that violent what people are saying yes there’s just a little bit of blood but that’s all right if it’s fine with you it’s fine with you if it’s wrong with you it’s wrong with you you get the point personally I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to play it
As far as violence and language it really has cartoony blood and as far as language it only rarely says the a word and d word and the h word so not really bad but maybe it’s a little addicting and I spent 75 dollars on this awesome game
Fun game. There is blood but nothing else bad. There is one character named octane who sticks a needle which look like drugs into himself. It is more realistic than fortnite but not as realistic as call of duty. Some of the character have a terrible backstory. One character's dad was killed by a assassin who is another character. Overall great game.
This game Is not that inappropriate, but there are some things you want to look out for, there is a character named loba, who’s design is a bit suggestive and “ sexy” and some voice lines aren’t aimed to kids, and some characters say “ damn, hell, that hurt like hell” ect... and some of the blood ends up on the walls, but not much, and to make up for flaws, its free, so if you don’t like it, you don’t lose money, although you can lose expensive in-game purchases, I give it a very rough TEEN but it’s up to you, there is also a character named, octain who is a steroid and drug addict, who his power is going fast, by doing a green liquid in a needle, identified as crack
Apex legends has some blood but the blood is really only red mist when you land a hit with a heavy weapon. The only thing in my opinion to watch out for is revenant (a character in the game) as he has some graphic voice lines and finishers. Overall i think its a 12 and up game.
The characters are diverse and unique and each have a rich backstory there are a lot of positive role models However for a beginner it is quite hard to get the hang of if you haven’t played titanfall but once you understand the advanced movement and tactical twist on the battle royale genre it will be one of your favourite games
Well this is the Best BattleRoyale Game Ever!Recommend it to any person
Ok so iv'e been playing this game for about 2 months, i will split this review in two parts: the game itself and age rating. Game: The game is a class based battleroyale, a classed based game means that there are different characters (each with it's own backstory) and different powers and abilities, I've heard people say its like fortnite but all battleroyales are the same, I usually dislike battleroyales because they are repetitive but apex legends changes it because of the unique abilities to each character which makes the gameplay different. Age rating: There is blood and it is minimal, i observe every detail because the graphics are incredible and I don't notice the blood, i when i heard there was blood i was shocked because its unnoticeable. If you want to see more for yourself i recommend the youtube Macro, he plays apex legends without swearing and its good content.
best game ive ever played extremly addicting . not alot of blood and no gore at all but a lot of violence. also teamwork is a very big concept of the game
I find Apex more interesting than Fortnite, but i would like to say Fortnite is fun to me, however Apex is better, i was new to Apex last week, but i just wanted to get better that rage quitting just like Warzone, if i would this game is the best, i would like to play this game again sometime...
Even though Apex is more graphic, most characters are either robots or cyborgs. You can mute chat and the guns are completely made up. There's alot of pay-to-look-cool but that can easily be avoided
I've been playing since season 0 and I've been hooked to its amazing gunplay, movement, abilities, locations, and music. Yet again it's a game by Respawn Entertainment, so if you've played any of their previous Titanfall games, you can expect a very smooth and highly polished Battle Royale. If you like realistic Sci-fi shooters, this is for YOU!!
Very similar to fortnite but a bit more violent. A really great game with a lot of cool characters. RECOMMEND IT
Apex Legends
Great Game! very addicting but is easy to burn your money fast!
Fun game
Promotes teamwork.
For teens
This game really won't do any harm to your child.
It's getting out of hand
It has some down sides, but overal is good
Great game
Solid Battle Royal with more violence then others.
Great Game To Begin Your Foray Into FPS Games
Apex review
just some general game advice
Amazing!
Innovative battle royale
My Apex Review
Apex is pretty good
Best 11 year old apex player
Not violent at all.
Apex Legends: Very similar to Fortnite, Apex Legends is a battle royale game. This genre of video game usually includes weapons and violence. Apex legends is no different, but it should be ok for a younger gamer. There are splats if blood whenever you shoot someone, but nothing to graphic or gory. When you start a match, you are put in to a squad of three, and teamwork is heavily rewarded. There is open chat, and a possibility of weirdos or pedophiles or something, but you can turn off chat in the pre-game menu. There are diverse characters, like a gay hispanic man, and a black nurse. The only thing really "sexy" about this game is a character named loba. In the selection screen, if you pick her she will shake her hips and walk slowly towards a virtual store, while wearing a skintight outfit. There is also a character named Octane who uses drugs/steroids as his ultimate ability to run faster. Other than that, it's a great game to pass the time!
The game has more blood than most teen rated video games but isn't over the top. Mild language like Hell, Damn and Ass is infrequent. (Like in most PG-13 movies) Character Octane Injects Toxic Energy into himself to increase his speed. Good kids First Person Shooter. Overall, It is best for mature tweens and Teenagers. I spend way to Much money on this game but itr is worth it!
It is a fun game with easy controls. Played with my cousin and we really enjoyed it.
Very little bloodshed, some characters have quips that make them say words like a**. One character uses a made- up drug (called stim) which makes him fast. Every character has a suringe to revive their teammates. One character has a finisher in which they inject sleep drug
This game is not your typical battle royale game. The only reason people should play from the age of 13, is violence and some quotes with swearing. For example, the character Octane says two voice lines with the vulgar way of saying butt.
If anyone is reading this, if I'm going to be honest, this game is fine for really anyone over 7. Although it does show a bit of blood, I would say it's safe. There is voice chat, but it can easily be turned off.
It is getting weirder. More violent, with bloody violence. Outfits are getting even more edgy.
this game has some downsides like that the game crashes every once in a while frequently. it has happened to me and is frustrating, but when it comes to the acual game play style. some say it is bloody, but there is only a brief couple drops of what looks like paint. it is extremely kid friendly and would recomend it because of its teamwork building qualities.
Fun game that focuses on teamwork. Not very gory/ graphic.
Apex legends is a fun game with quite a bit of violence. I feel like the common sense media review is not very well done and was a bit rushed. For example not all the characters are in what I would call a "positive, even heroic, light". Also, contrary to what the review claims, all characters do have backstory if you look in game or on the official website. One example that has been in the game since the beginning is Caustic, a playable character who uses gas in order to eliminate his opponents. The game also does include drinking. Literally in the opening cinematic, in addition to one of the characters owning a bar. There is also some mild language including damn, hell, and some military slang. Also finishers exist, which is where a player is able to execute another player in a cut scene. These range from siting on the enemy to impaling the enemy and lifting them into the air. One thing the review was accurate on, was micro transactions. 20 bucks to make your character or weapon look a bit different. It is a very fun and entertaining game with good movement and controls. It is not simply a "more realistic Fortnite". It is an entirely different game and each character is unique. Add frequent updates, and you've got a pretty solid game. To over simplify it: Fantastic game but defiantly has some violence.
Apex Legends is slightly similar to Fortnite, minus the annoying dances and building/destruction. It has minor blood, consisting of a red haze over your view while getting hit or damaged. It encourages good teamwork, requiring you to help your team through the match, and always giving the option to say thank you and you're welcome after helping out. I have seen reviews claiming that the in game shop is consumerism, and I think that is silly, that's like saying the billboards and ads in front of us every day are consumerism. We don't complain about those though. All of the characters "Legends" in game are very positive and upbeat, and never curse, there is an in game chat, but you can disable it if you are that worried. Overall, I give this game 4 out of 5 stars, and would recommend it for anyone over 9.
let me just clear things up: this is a battle royale game. the point of the game is to kill as many other players as you can, along with your squad, and not die. over the course of the game you will have to shoot other players. you will probably be shot. a lot. there will be a little bit of blood, in the form of a red mist when players are shot. there is a voice chat that you can use, but it is easy to just mute people from the very beginning. these are fundamentals of the fps genre of games. if you are playing an fps game, this is what you get. the premise is easy to grasp, as kill or be killed. the most objectionable things that one may find in this game, compared to any other, are the character executions, short animations that can be triggered by a player standing over a downed player, in order to eliminate them. these may feature your character killing your enemy by beating, point blank gunshots, strangulation, lethal injection, electrocution, toxic gas, or, in a particularly comical one, just jumping on top of them. there is a system for communicating built into the game. it's a lot more serious than a game like fortnight, and there are a lot of high skill players online at any given time, making this a difficult game, even compared to other similar titles. bottom line is, this is a great game, that i would fully recommend, but know that if you get into this, your signing yourself up for a challenge.
Following the trend of battle royale, we get Apex Legends, a great game from the Titanfall universe. Great movement mechanics such as sliding and climbing. Lots of fun and bright characters to play as, each with their own abilities and advantages. It's a fun game with friends (if you have any), however there is just not a lot of variety. Age Review: Little bits of blood when shot, characters get knocked giving the ability to"finish them". This consists of a small animation of the player ridiculously killing the opponent. The guns are very unrealistic. There is no language, drugs, or sex. Overall great game for battle royale and Titanfall fans. Recommended for ages 11-12
This is like fortnite but more real and there this less people this game is not good at all. There is nothing to bother if you are a fan of fortnite do not switch. This is very much more graphic but still okay.
I waited a long time to download this and was surprised by how good it was
Nothing
Apex Legends is a popular Battle Royale Game. Sure it's a little rough around the edges but its a great game. But I love this game.
