it is to violent
Its good
Its good
Good balance
An honest review
This is the cure to Fortnite, why would you not want your child to play?
wow
A good online game that is better than fortnite and PUBG.
You just took TitanFall2 and made it not fun
Grate game not to vilent
Apex Legends: great game for young teens to get into FPS games
Realistic battle royale game. A little bit complicated to understand at first.
It says blood. I know. Calm down.
apex legnds better than Fortnite?
AMAIZING
14+ little blood
Fun but hard
Copy
i think this a chance for kids to hide and play this but this is just to violent parents dont let kids play it
First of all this game is perfect for teens although it can be okay for younger kids to play but is not recommended due to voice chat. For Guardians Dont be concerned about your child getting aggressive due to games. If you're child gets aggressive dont just blame it on games you know it's your fualt for not supervising you child and teaching them the right way. If you were to ever go online there are no links to games that lead to children getting aggressive. For kids Dont forget when playing online games you are agreeing to EA's Terms of Service and saying your are at a mature age to play this game this is not to discourage but just to let you kids to be aware you will inounter many adults who are mature or not so mature and agreeing that you can play online. To be honest dont worry about micro transactions by playing ea games it's fairly well known that EA puts any means of micro transactions into all of there games even if it's overpriced. Since these are the people who made Titan Fall Series (Respawn) they do listen to the community so dont be scared to go onto Ea's Apex Legends Forums and talk a few things. Respawn will have a quick look at what the community does. So say some stuff you think should be needed if it's something thats unrelated be careful.
First of all this game is perfect for teens although it can be okay for younger kids to play but is not recommended due to voice chat. For Guardians Dont be concerned about your child getting aggressive due to games. If you're child gets aggressive dont just blame it on games you know it's your fualt for not supervising you child and teaching them the right way. If you were to ever go online there are no links to games that lead to children getting aggressive. For kids Dont forget when playing online games you are agreeing to EA's Terms of Service and saying your are at a mature age to play this game this is not to discourage but just to let you kids to be aware you will inounter many adults who are mature or not so mature and agreeing that you can play online. To be honest dont worry about micro transactions by playing ea games it's fairly well known that EA puts any means of micro transactions into all of there games even if it's overpriced. Since these are the people who made Titan Fall Series (Respawn) they do listen to the community so dont be scared to go onto Ea's Apex Legends Forums and talk a few things. Respawn will have a quick look at what the community does. So say some stuff you think should be needed if it's something thats unrelated be careful.
It’s quite hard. No swearing
Has great control gaming and is over all a 11/12, there is no gore but it can be violet but only the finishing moves, the only thing you have to pay for is cosmetics (things to make the characters look flashy like cloths, skins for the guns and such.) . And if your scared of foul language just mute, i just play mute cause there is a GREAT system of non-verbal communication (pinging and such). would 11/12 recommend
I own this game and honestly recommended it for 12 years and older. I am mature enough (i am 10 years) to play this game and have not become more violent towards other in life. This game is a battle royale between 20 squads of 3 people. You can choose different characters with abilities. Each character has some backstory and some are bad and some are good. Lifeline is a good medic that wants to help her teammates while Revenant is a hitman who murders people for bounties. You have to communicate with your team but there is an elaborate ping system so no Voice Chat is required. The violence is 4/5 (in terms of how bad). Made up names like R-301 are made up for assault rifles and Bangalore explains alot about weapons. There are HEIRLOOMS which are alot of money which are melee weapons and consist of Boxing Gloves, A Kunai, An axe, and Shock Sticks. Blood is shown but goes un-noticed 60% of the time because of the other violence. Try the game out to see if your child is mature enough.
Great! no real blood, aside from the screen turning a reddish hue when you're injured. Families, this is a certain cure to any fortnite addiction but is also very fun! at least allow your child to download and try the game in front of you if you're unsure.
I have been playing this game for 3 days and it is breath taking. The controls take wile to get but it is a blast. Respawn has put a lot of work in to this game there are a lot of guns in apex. The finishers are brutal but if you think that your kid can handle that then thay will have a blast. 4 out of 5 stars notaboomer591
I am 13 years old, and I personally love this game! Most days after school and homework I log on and play with my freinds. This game supports teamwork and comraderywhile being really fun aswell. Every single character has depth and is interesting. I really think this game is good for 10 year olds and up who want to play a multiplayer game.
It’s basically just titanless titanfall but in a battle Royale which basically takes all of the reason it’s actually fun, not to mention they took away WALLRUNNING. Respawn get your priorities straight
The game has some violence as u r using guns there is blood but if u go to settings, graphics and then tern down the impact marks there inset.
I’ve been playing this game for a while now, and I can tell you that Apex Legends isn’t as violent as CSM makes it out to be. The violence isn’t the most graphic besides a “blotchy” red ring around your screen when you are severely injured. The way you heal in the game seems a bit gritty, by injecting healing drugs/ steroids into your wrist, but besides that, nothing is really doesn’t seem violent to me and other players. There is a online chat in the game, but you can disable the chat in game, and there is lots of micro- transactions in the lobby. Overall, the game isn’t that violent and doesn’t deserve the 14+ rating.
I started playing this game about a month ago, and I am really enjoying it so far. It does include guns, but none of them exist in real life. The game allows you to purchase legends without having to spend real money, and offers a vast variety of personalizations you can add to your legends, banners, and weapons. You can earn many rewards by simply playing the game, and you have bonuses for playing with your friends. A negative thing is that the game is not cross-platform, so you can only play with people who have your same console. The graphics are very realistic, but there is no blood in the game, and once you kill a player you only see their bodies for a few seconds before they disappear and leave a box with their loot. My friends play this too, and I'm having a ton of fun both with them and alone.
It's a great game, more realistic than fortnite, yes, but still perfectly fine for kids. The blood is limited to a low heath warning around the edges of your screen and like only barely a bit around people when you shoot them, and in the fast pace of a fight you will probably never see it. The game itself has a lot of emphasis on teamwork, and you can mute your random teammates if you don't want to talk to them. You don't have to talk either if you don't want to talk, you can ping places and items, which just makes a mark on the map and makes you character say something.
I kinda like Apex legends a little bit more than Fortnite but Apex holds only a small bit of blood but no gore also Apex takes a lot of teamwork and cooperation to win great for people that like lots and i mean lots of action
This game is better than fortnite and it has a storyline where it has positive roll models and the game makes you think and is very strategy based
The Trouble with some parents they way over react with blood or way under react and let 10 year old play stuff like gta or other 18 like that. But with apex I didn't even notice the blood while playing untill I watched a review and they pointed it out and that was a good thew months after releasing that long and I only just noticed it and I still don't. it's there for a second and gone if you don't want to see the blood clearly don't use some of the finishers (some finishers show blood some don't normally the first finisher you get doesn't show any) . But even if you have a finisher that shows blood the game is too fast pace for you to have time to use it. Its a great game but parents need to ease up on us and let us play these games because blood in game doesn't even look like real blood. But to the games disigners as well just add a zero blood option in settings it can't be that hard and sails would rise because of this. I talked a bit to much about blood in this woops. Other things include in game its got good team work because of classes you can do cool combos with abilitys if playing solo can simply mute other squad members characters don't swear you can do some wacky stuff and not over sexulised like fortnite. One other thing if you let them play but your not so keen don't let them play caustic he's a gas trapper who enjoys gassing people but you have to pay for him with in game money which is hard to get or you can buy him so no need to worry about him much.
It’s fun to play. But a little hard. Recommend for kids that have experience with other games and are good at them
Apex is a good game but the blood is low. Education is a bit on the side but at least it is a good game.
Great battle royale.
Better than Fortnite
Apex Legends
Why would you show this to your children
Overwatch, Fortnite, Pubg and Halo put together
apex games!
very good game
Brilliant, action-packed title with toned down violence when compared to TitanFall.
The best game ever
Not that bad being honest
Best game ever
Better and more mature Battle Royale
Great game
Super cool!
Better than Fortnite (Fecesnite)
Depends on your attitude, mute the mic
love it!!!
Very Good Teamwork Based
hmmm
Great
Apex Legends is a battle Royale on a map around the size of Fortnite. You drop from a ship that flies around the map with your team, and you can choose a landing location. GOOD: - Wide range of guns: there are tons of guns in the arena, from the high-caliber and legendary Kraber sniper to the accurate, full-auto r-301. - Wide range of ammo: there is Energy ammo, which has medium damage with low bullet drop, Light with low damage, heavy with high damage, shotgun shells with medium damage and lotsa shots. You have to pick up the right ammo for your guns, found in small boxes in buildings or crates throughout the map. - Wide range of attachments: you aren’t confined to a single scope for your gun, in apex you attach any scope you find to your weapon, from the 4-8x zoom sniper to the legendary thermal scope. - Ping. Apex legends has the best communication tool ever conceived of in a video game: pinging. It’s so good, even fortnite has copied it. You use your middle mouse button. Click on it and you have placed a ping on whatever you’re looking at, and your character says “hey, ___ here!”. You can hold it down for more diverse options, like “looting here”, “enemy here”, and “attacking here”. There’s also chat and voice talk. - Legends: you choose your legends in a screen before you launch; you can be the slim and fast Pathfinder with his grapple gun, or the poison choker, Caustic with his deadly Nox gas. - Respawning: when you die in apex, you don’t really die. First you get knocked, a state where you can easily be revived by teammates. If you are killed during that stage, or your teammates don’t res you in time, then your teammates can pick up your banner and use that to respawn you. BAD/NEUTRAL: - There are some toxic players on the platform who won’t care for your well beings. Be warned. - There is some blood, but it’s just red particles that are temporary. No gore. SUMMARY: Fun game with small initial download for a BR, also worth a shot because it’s free!
If you like Fortnite, you'll love Apex Legends. Fortnite is trash, this is not. The only major problem is that there is mild blood, but it's not very noticable.
This is a great game if you like battle royal games like Fortnite and/or PUBG but a bit more graphic and realistic. Apex Legends is a first-person shooter similar to (online) Call of Duty (without all the heavy language of course.) Speaking of language, there is almost none that I really noticed except for the fact that some of the characters in the game will very infrequently say h*ll. And you may encounter bad language in the online game chat if you have that enabled, but I just disable it unless I know the person personally. Violence isn't that bad, (slight blood spray, guns, hand to hand combat, etc.) But if you don't like games with shooting people, or just guns and violence in general, this is a game you might want to avoid. But if your kid wants to get a shooting game and you don't like that kind of thing, this is a pretty good choice over Call of Duty, Watchdogs, Fallout, and all of those types of games, because it isn't quite as graphic. The only thing that some people might consider sexual in this game that I found is that one of the female character's t-shirt is a bit too small vertically showing an inch or two of her stomach. (Not a big deal in my opinion, but that kind of thing may bother some people so I thought I should put that in there.) I do wish Common Sense Media would have said something about drugs though, because there is some of that and it could possibly bother some people and/or set a bad example on little kids thinking it's okay to inject unnatural substances into your bloodstream. Not a big deal, but the med-packs and syringes in the game to heal yourself show you taking them by jabbing them into your wrist for a couple seconds. Also a character in the game has a power-up where he can jab a needle full of a drug or adrenaline of some sort into his leg to amp him up and make him more agile and able to run faster. Consumerism isn't terrible, but you can purchase things in the in game store much like in Fortnite. Over all, this is a really fun game and may be one of my favorites right now. I'm going to say Apex Legends is okay for kids 14+ but if you have a 13 year old who is responsible, I think he or she could maybe play it too.
The back story of one of the character is horrible and I even felt sick to the stomach there is blood and I believe (when I get kids) my kids should not be exposed to this until they are 14
Little bit of blood coming out of people when shot and you can also Punch and you fight with Rifles, SMGs, Snipers, Bows and LMGs.
A very creative game.
take this from a person that plays a lot more video games this game is battle royale but has nearly nothing in common with fortnite it is kind of cartoony but it does have a little tiny bit of blood when you hit someone a slightly visible red cloud is formed by a second and there is one or two characters that will result a little creepy for little kids like in a range of 7 or less years old
Apex Legends was a very interesting game as it released with little notice and absolutely blew up upon release. Now, the main issues I see with these reviews are the misinformation about the micro-transaction system within Apex. While, yes, it exists the system does not entice the user to buy cosmetics. You have to go out of your way to buy in game currency, you gain loot boxes upon leveling up and you are frequently rewarded with free cosmetics. It was a very smart system and I think respawn outdid themselves with the currency system in Apex Legends. The main issue is the purchasable characters. There are three characters that can be bought with 12000 credits or what ever you want to call it. You gain 600 upon leveling up and I could buy my first at level 28. It takes a long time to buy characters with pure game-play rewards, however, most of them are quite rubbish anyway. Putting aside micro-transactions, Apex is a violent game when compared to Fortnite. Fortnite, while having guns, does not depict the death of the characters, lacks blood and is very stylized. All of which Apex Legends lacks. In Apex, once a player is downed the can die. I mean fall down on the ground limp as their body disappears into a large box. The lore in the game also depicts that the legends die. In Mirage's lore it says that he wanted to participate in the Apex games but he did not want to leave his mother without a son if he ends up dying. While blood exists, it does not fall on the ground and it is only a particle effect. The weapons using light and heavy ammo sound realistic and can instantly be recognized as a firearm. The last part of this is the themes and subject matter within Apex. The lore of apex put simply is, after the large war in the events of the titanfall games, many people still wanted chaos and war. So, the outlands, an untouched area containing planets was adopted to house "The Apex Games" where 60 people would fight to the death for fame and fortune in teams of 3. Each character has their own reasons for wanting to join the games. One, pathfinder wants to find his owner and uses the apex games to get himself popular so his creator would find him. Another, Bloodhound, follows the nordic gods. He/She believes that he should kill anyone he can until he dies. Caustic, after killing his friends in a lab for pesticides joins the apex games to test his disturbing and dangerous gasses by using them on the fighters in the apex games. And for a last example, bangalore, after getting trapped in the outlands after a military mission gone wrong joins the apex games in order to gain enough money to fly back to her family. So, the games lore contains both, good neutral and horrible evil characters with the game including gassing people until they die, to gunning lads down with guns to even Octane using stims that take away his HP to give him a speed boost. Players often make fun of him calling him "Mr. Heroin addict". There is very minor swearing like damn and hell. Mirage says "Damn, I'm good" after eliminating a squad and other things like that. Not too bad, however, in the rare case a teammate has a mic swearing will probably be involved. Keep in mind, however, this is just a game. I think with the right conversations a child could play any game with a few exceptions (GTA, mostly games with porn). The last of us is a great example of a good, mature game that despite being brutal, has a lot of VERY important messages and emphasizes how people grow, how relationships grow and how people treat each-other and communicate. So, just because it is violent, do not discourage or prevent your kid from playing this game as team work is key to winning and frankly, sometimes it's fun to shoot something.
Apex legends it’s another battle royal game which has gone very popular like games like fortnite or PUBG. The graphics are better than fortnite, therefore it looks more realistic making it more violent and bloody but you can’t really see the blood, it’s really just a bit of blood every time you shoot. The characters do not use bad language but other people with mics could say whatever they want. There is an option mute the people in your group though. There is one character which injects adrenaline in his body to run faster. Also you can buy digital money which you can use to buy skins, characters and other kind of things. I would say kids at the age of 11 could play this game or 12 if you think it’s better for your kid
This game was amazing for my child and the language was appropriate
More mature as in realistic violence and minimal blood. You can use shotguns, SMG's, Pistols, Assault Rifles, Sniper Rifles and grenades. While shooting other players, blood is visible but doesn't stain anything. Cinematic violence(finishers) can be pretty violent but no blood in any of them.
This game has barely any blood and is good 9+
This game is cool same amount of violence as fortnite but there is a bit of blood. Swearing includes d**n and h**l. One cutscene takes place in a bar but very brief. One thing is the finishers witch are a bit violent but not over the top or anything.
OK. This game has some blood in it but that's not a problem. Great graphics, awesome gameplay, 0.00001% propaganda in it. Fortnite is just filled with gey trash in it. This is one of my fav games.
If you've ever heard of Fortnite, which you probably have, then this game is very similar to that. Sixty players drop into the same world, fight until they're the last one standing. Apex is more "realistic" than Fortnite. (if you count robots and laser guns as realistic). The blood is minimal, only a generic red splash. Because of how fast paced and tense the game is, if you're firing at someone you never even notice the blood, you don't have time to think about it. There is minimal language, only going from h-ll to d-mn, although this may or may not change depending on future updates and characters. No sexuality, no suggestive voice lines from any of the characters. For positive messages, the only one I could think of is Pathfinder, the friendly wants-to-help-everyone robot, but don't play this game an educational or highly-friendly experience. Game aside, the main problem is the voice chat. As with almost any game, the voice chat has some of the worst people on the planet. You're gonna be cursed at, called terrible, insulted, anything goes. Luckily, theres a feature that allows you to mute your teammates as soon as you get in game, so make sure you do that. Luckily, this game has a great "ping system", a way of communication that has no talking or chat. See an enemy? "Enemy over there" ping. See some good loot that you want? "I'm looting over there" ping. It's highly intuitive so the voice chat is really not necessary. Overall, I praise this game highly, you should definitely try it.
the only thing parents need to look at is the revive graphics.
It is a very good game and supports teamwork. You have to stick with your team or you and your team is in a big disadvantage. This will help kids develop teamwork in the real world because they are doing teamwork with strangers. This will build confidence. Very fast 1 person shooter. Barely any blood.
the game is somehow enjoyable.Not to forget the game is like a mix of pubg and overwatch
Why even bother to play FOOORTNITEE (the crap game) when you can play this!
