its good but fix about the cheater
Good for mature 11 year olds
good game
Apex Legends
It’s okay
YOU KNOW...A MEH VERSION OF FORTNITE
Nothing to bad
Addicting, Fun, Slightly Violent Game
The real review
The best free-to-play battle royale game.
Apex Legends is good
Better than Fortnite
"Titanfall game" is big let down, unresponsive controls/features.
Amazing! Way better than Fortnite.
Great!
commonsensemedia forgot to include finishers
Not realalistic
coooool!
People may think that it is for 16 or 18 because they see a realistic looking gun but when you play it you realise that it isn't that bad and is to inocent to be close
Apex Legends is a very good game. The most prominent factor is violence. Players drop down onto a island in teams of three and use semi-realistic assault riffles, pistols, sniper riffles etc. to eliminate opponents. There is mild blood that is pretty hard to notice and very mild language such as h**l. There is voice chat that you can turn off if needed. As long as your child knows that is not okay to go out and shoot people, you should be alright on this one.
Apex Legends has little violence, except for the guns and tinsy winsy bit of blood.
I have played a couple rounds of this game and it has some blood but it’s not too violent and one of the new characters (Octane) uses Stim Shots (a type of drug) to jump super high
If u let your kid use a mic it’s a automatic 17+ because of swearing but other than that it’s okay not too fun but a little...FORTNITE IS SO MUCH BETTER apex is that type of game to trend and then slowly fade but fortnite is still the game that everyone is playing
It`s kind of a version of Fortnite Battle Royale without the dances or any of the fun things. Hardcore gamers would love this! It`s totally over rated...I mean...a 16+???! Oh please. The only blood or gore is if you get shot, and that is just red dots on your screen. It`s a little bit boring but pretty fun. Fortnite is better though.
There is nothing that bad in this game there is no blood no cussing it would really only be bad if you don’t want you kids talking to strangers and even then u can turn that off
Apex Legends is easily the best game in a sub-genre that I had no interest in previous. The game is easy to play but difficult to master. Each of the playable characters all have benefits which make the game have some variety which other Battle Royale Games lack. The game contains violence which happens often but with limited bloody detail. There is micro transactions in the game which only serve for cosmetics and as a faster way to earn characters. You can get the characters by playing the game but it will take some time.
Apex legends is the new "fortnite". but this time it's first person and includes a little to no blood. apex made it so cosmetics are very unnecessary and gave you some coins to buy some when you start. they also frequently give you loot box's for free when you level up. go watch a youtuber play it. also stop using common sense for game reviews.
After I recently heard about fortnite taking some features from apex, I decided to give it a play before Epic Games' game got ruined. It was one of the best games I've played in the battle royale category. Rather than having normal skins with no special abilities, Apex created creative characters that of which players could select from. It offers communication without the need for a headset with the "pinging" tool, which allows you to mark a specific location for all of your team to see, including weapons, armor, and even other players. As stated before, each character has their own unique ability, and unlike overwatch, they recharge at a moderate rate. They aren't overpowered, and if you're playing someone like Lifeline of Pathfinder, the abilities are designed to help your team. Those abilities can also help the enemies if they come across Lifeline's care package, or Pathfinder's zipline. Unlike other games with character select, there is no "best character". It is all dependent on how well you play a specific characters. Overall, the game shows that EA can still make GOOD games.
Apex is a good game because it is appropriate for kids and it is not to realistic and it gives your children a chance to have fun.
this game is a nice first person shooter battle royale game for older kids. the guns are more realistic, better music, and grapics. there are a few H*lls.
How is this at all connected to the Titanfall universe? It has nothing to do with the story. The only way that it's connected is that there is ONE main character in the OPENING CUT SCENE from the actual games. Other than that I cannot see how this is related to any of the games. Now, I'm not a big fan of Battle-Royal games, but there are some decent ones (Fortnite), but then there are some bad ones that just rip off PUBG (H1Z1). This goes WAAAAAAAY below that. What was cool about the Titanfall games is how you use the Titans and are able to crush your enemies into a pulp (literally), but you can't do that in the game. You're left with the simple FPS gun combat. Know, there are six playable characters, but two are only purchasable, so that leaves four without spending any actual money. They're all useless except for two, one who's a healer, and the other who has a shield. Oh wait, never mind, the shield does NOTHING! I tested this. With one encounter I didn't use the shield and watched how much damage I took, and another time and watched. So it's completely useless. Half the time it won't even come up when I push the button. Also, there are very little weapons to actually use. This game is worth avoiding.
This game is very fun. It has a little bit of blood but it is not anything like Call Of Duty or Mortal Kombat. It is extremely fun and kids will have a ton of fun playing it. It is less frustrating than Fortnite. As for the online chatting, people use WAY less swear words than Fortnite. And you can just turn off the online chat in the settings. Therefore, it is not anything like fortnite and it should not be treated like it is by CSM. They say that it should be 14+! That is crazy! Do NOT listen to CSM and trust your gut. Thanks and I hope this helps your decision.
Perfect for anyone 9+.
Common sense forgot to include that if a character is knocked on the opposite team you can perform a finisher on them and you can even unlock different finishers for different characters
It isnt that bad because in the real game you shoot lazors like star wars battlefront, and can go back to life and you always respawn to fight again
it's really good I prefer fortnite but R.I.P fortnite. it does involve a tiiiiiiiny bit of realism and is online but so is fortnite. P.S yeet P.P.S Ali-a is my grandma.
coooool!
This is great for people who like battle royal games and first person shooters.
For people familiar with battle royale or new
Amazing!
Good Free Game
Parents need to know
Would be good for 10 year olds, BUT
Very Enjoyable, but not for Younger Kids
Not to bad but not for below 10
it's really good I prefer fortnite but R.I.P fortnite. it does involve a tiiiiiiiny bit of realism and is online but so is fortnite. P.S yeet P.P.S Ali-a is my grandma.
This game is a lot of fun and I think that anyone who plays fortnite can play this game. Your goal in this game is to kill all the other teams in order to win. This game does not contain any blood or gore, and when you kill someone they turn into a box that you can loot.
No sex swearing or blood easy to play and very enjoyable to play with friends and by yourself
Great for any ages
This game is a multiplayer battle royale game. It is fun and is growing in popularity.
Parents need to understand that this game is good and not as bad as you think. I think it’s good for 12-13 up, it’s basically the next step to fortnite and when you kill someone there is a tiny bit of blood and you work as a team and help each other. Like fortnite the game is free on ps4, xbox one and pc but you have to purchase skins ect and the lowest bundle you can buy is $12 AU but other then that 12-13 up is good for me
Apex Legends Would be good for kids 10 and up, however the voice chat feature COULD make the game very explicit for them. If they only play with their friends it would be just fine, but otherwise you run the risk of a very toxic person.
Apex Legends is one of the most fun games I've played, but it is relatively violent, so I wouldn't recommend it for any kid 10 years old or younger. It is a first person shooter battle royale, and has gained millions of players over the first few days after release. It's rated Teen for violence and blood. I haven't actually seen much blood in this game, and the violence is not very different than that of other shooters. However, it is a game by EA, who is known for having many intriguing purchases available for players.
Apex Legends is a very fun shooter battle royale. The game doesn't hava any gore, only red clouds when you shoot somebody, and the guns don't look all to real. If you think that all slight bits of blood is bad then this game is not for you. Overall, this game is not very bad.
it's ok
A Long Time Coming
GREAT!
"Friendship!"
For anyone who likes Disney or RPG'S
Ok so i started playing kingdom hearts in 2016 and i loved it with the storyline being all over the place at times but still understanding it. Then i waited passiontly for kh3 when the games director Tetsuya Nomura started putting kh3 trailers yearly and i had my hopes up. A couple of years passed and i had played trough all of the games (except the ds titles) and then in January 29th i went home from school and rushed to the nearest shop and bought the game and... it was somewhat disapointing. It was not the story because that was just perfect as it really made the story better as it closed the dark seeker saga but that gameplay is when you can see a difference between kh2 and 3 because kh3 has the problem every osaka team game has and it is that the combat is very floaty and some parts are just plain overpowered (like the actractions) but over all it is a good game
This game is just amazing. The voice acting however can be a bit off sometimes. The Disney worlds are fun to play through but it may be difficult for kids to understand what happens later in the game.
Good game, if you want to give someone a good game then this is THE PERFECT one! There is nothing bad in this game that shocks people, it is just a fine game!
Yeah, this game is GREAT. Although it may be a bit boring, any little kid's attention can be kept for a little bit. The game is easy, and the story is all about friendship and hearts. I mean, oh boy beating up people with keys, watch as they walk away and come back as fully formed people. Nothing wrong with this game.
Kingdom hearts 3 is a action RPG with a confusing storyline. The game contains mild violence but no searing or bad language . The game is a crossover between Disney characters and characters from square enix's RPG final fantasy! You will fight tiny black creatures known as the heartless and you will use a weapon called a keyblade. The game does have some complex controls and the story can get a little dark at times. I would recommend the game to ages 10 and up for fantasy violence and dark scenes.
Super fun game unfortunately with swearing
Pikuniku Review
Fun Game
This is a really fun indie game for kids 11 and up to to mild language such as a few damns and hells, which for some reason the expert review doesn’t mention. Amazing and hilarious 3 to 5 hours of gameplay (five if you collect all secrets) when looking for games.
This game was really easy, no violence, and involved a lot of humor and fun. Nothing inappropriate, it's just overall a really fun and funny game. I finished it quickly. It will probably help if the player knows how to read, this isn't Minecraft.
Its only 5+ because younger kids wouldn't get the controls
Boo! A very spooky remake
i cant believe they put this in the game
Awesome game
This game is amazing
Great
Amazing game, very violent...
Disregard the age rating. It really depends.
Amazing!!!!
Best Resident Evil Remake Ever!
An Absolute Nightmare
Really good but not for kids.
Beware
Hardcore Difficulty
Less scary than the others
This game is great
I got access to the demo. Let's just say I've played multiple horror games such as slender or even some of the early resident evils. I think that this remake is a great addition to the series but I couldnt get 5 minuets into the demo without quitting. It's so atmospheric and dark that even the slightest things like wind or thunder made me jump. If you think of getting this game for your child, go ahead but just know that the game is very very realistic with extreme gore and very tense situations.
There is a poster of a woman in a bikini in the game and it's so offensive I just can't look at it anymore! I mean everything else is fine - you know you shoot zombies in the game but that's all fine. Letting ANYONE see a woman in a bikini is insane! NOT FOR ANYONE UNDER 19!
Never played a RE game before but picked it up for 15 bucks on black Friday and WOW! This game is so fun and awesome, your constantly engaged and always on your toes. The gore isn't Doom level, just blood when you shoot, sometimes the head will split in half, when you die by zombie they bite a whole chunk of flesh out of your neck (made me want to barf). There's no nudity or anything like that except for like 3 posters at the gas station in the beginning which just have bikinis. Swearing isn't that bad, just a what the f**k or holy sh*t when something insane is happening. There are good messages about fighting for what's right and Leon and Claire can make some good role models. But yikes it is SCARY, a lot of creatures in the game might scare your kid, so as long as they can handle gore and horror, and are mature, it'll be a fun time
(Just for context here, I was just barely 14 when I watched YouTubers play Resident Evil 2 the Remake. I am now nearly 16 and I have not been traumatized in anyway shape or form, so parents, I’m sure your child will be fine.) So obviously most parents don’t like having their kids exposed to swearing, violence, or gore, but believe me, just give this game a chance. I haven’t personally played it, but I have watched an entire play through of the game so I know everything that happens. Yes there is swearing Yes there is violence and gore Yes there is very mild “porn” The “porn” is at the very beginning of the game where you enter a building and you’re searching for supplies, and at the back of the building where it’s staff only, there’s a desk with pictures of women in bikinis and what-not. After that? Nothing else. So all you have to worry about is the swearing and the blood. If I remember correctly, yes they do say the F-word, and swear A LOT. But think about this, if you were in a zombie apocalypse and being in danger no matter where you go, you’d be throwing a couple F-bombs too. Other than that, this game is perfect in every way. It is so realistic and the story is just great.
Another wonder full traditional RE game. Gruesome immagery ? Great Difficulty &amp; Heavy Empasis on loot conservation? Thrilling moments ? Wonderfully elaborate puzzles ? Scary shit ?
I just recently started playing this game in the past week. I am a big fan of the franchise, I have been playing through the originals and they are some of my favorite games. The remake for RE 2 is A LOT more violent than its original 1998 counterpart. This makes sense, after 21 years of new technological advances. I couldn't imagine anyone younger than 16 playing this game, its so realistic. Another thing is the profanity. As I said, I love the franchise, but I just don't see a need for so much language. On the other hand, this game is most likely my favorite game. It's so loyal to the original yet it's just different enough that I still get stuck sometimes. I recommend ages 16+ for this game.
This game is phenomenal, and if quality is all that matters then there's your answer on if you should buy the game or not. However, if the question as to whether or not you should buy this game was spurred on by its content the answer is not so cut and dry. The game definitely contains blood and gore, however, the player never even has the chance to hurt any people. The violence against the enemies in the game (zombies, mutants, etc) is, however, very detailed and gory, though as previously stated none of it is directed towards any living person. The main characters can also be considered good role models, as their actions and motivations are well-intentioned. This game follows two survivors named Leon and Claire, and the later's story involves trying to get a sample of the virus that is mutating people to the FBI to save the city and people in the surrounding area whereas the former's story revolves around saving a child and getting her out of the city. There is also swearing, however it isn't too excessive and isn't anything a preteen or teen likely hasn't heard yet. Overall I'd say the game is a good first horror game for someone who is getting into horror or someone who enjoys horror already, and so long as the content described in this review does not bother you or your child I would say the game is perfectly fine for them to play.
This Game Is Great!!! Only 4 Or 5 Graphic, Violent scenes. Language Is Not Very Bad And F Words Are Only Used A Couple Of Times. In Summary Great Game, Not To Bad Graphic Content Wise, But Still Pretty Scary
I am a 14 year old gamer and i have to say if your kid is mature they will sure enjoy this game alot if they are big fans of resident evil i honestly loved this game so much the graphics are amazing even though there is alot of violence!
I absolutely hate scary things. I’ve never played a single horror video game in my life, but everyone kept telling me this game was great, and it was only $15 dollars on Black Friday, so I decided to buy it. The first hour wasn’t too bad, but after that it got seriously horrifying. The game is so atmospheric that it feels almost real. Not to mention it’s incredibly gory. People are ripped in half with intestines spilling out, heads explode, missing limbs, and the death animations for Claire and Leon show them being eaten and ripped apart with one animation of a zombie kill showing a chunk of their necks being ripped off. The enemies are disturbing too, with hideous mutated humans with multiple arms and eyes, the lickers look like skinless humans mixed with dogs, some plant based enemies have multiple mouths that chew on your face. The list goes on. These monsters aren’t just zombies. Not to mention am I Kill able character stalks you for a majority of the game. It all culminates into a scary experience. When I wasn’t playing, I was fine as nothing disturbed my so much that I messed up, but when playing I was certainly terrified as well as extremely stressed. Not to mention, to get the true ending you have to play two campaigns. On a more positive note, both the main characters are pretty good role models. Claire is determined throughout the campaign to help a child in need reunite with her parents and risks her life a countless amount of times. Leon proves that even though he is a rookie cop, he’s still willing to do what it takes to save the city and his friends, even if it’s practically suicide. Both leads are resourceful and selfless throughout the whole adventure. Language is pretty normal. Just many uses of f—k and s—t in tense situations. Overall, it doesn’t matter what age you are, this game will terrify you in some way. However, anyone under thirteen who plays this is going to have nightmares. No question about it. Anyone under 15 probably won’t have the courage to finish the game. Honestly this is a M rated game that deserves the rating. Sure some kids younger than 17 can handle it, but 17 or 16 is a good safe age. The other people on here who are giving it a lower rating clearly did t play the game through, as it gets more intense and scary as it goes on.
It’s really violent! One of the most violent scenes is were a person is eaten in half. The rest I can say is just you will get disturbed.
It may look like this game is bad but when it comes to it think about your child. Is he/she aggressive, if so this game is not for them.
The only problem with this game is the hardcore difficulty setting. It's just too difficult. This game has and will continue to go down in history. Amazing game! 9/10
The game is perfectly fine and kids will have fun with the strong female lead and brave cop despite some blood
This game is great. It’s a remake of the original. It has strong language and violence but if you’ve played The Last of Us you would be able to play this.
