an amazing and thrilling dogfighting experience!
Best fighter game for a long time
Really Good
this game is one of my favourite games and to me this game is too unpopular and due to the cursing in the game which includes curse/impolite words like "s--t" "bitch" "balls" "ass" "a--hole" i wouldn't recommend it to audiences who are not used to that kind of stuff. other than that it's overall a great game with awesome soundtracks.
Loved it. Lots of swearing but the dialogue-based story telling requires it in a few instances. The music is so good. It looks beautiful and runs really well. I didn't encounter any bugs or problems other than the multiplayer being almost completely empty. The DLC's that have been released recently are totally worth it (I recommend getting the season pass if you want to get all the DLC's). I haven't tried the vr options but have been playing the rest of the game for about 6 months and it still never fails to be fun. Although some missions are tedious they are usually the shortest (under 15 minutes). The campaign will take under 5 hours for experienced players but on my first play through it took about 8 or 9. Which is short in comparison to other recent games but it's worth playing through again on all difficulties. The narrative is complicated and is communicated poorly to the player but it only takes one more listen to understand 100% of the context of the missions and current events of the campaign. The difficulties and controls address and huge variety of skill levels for players who are just beginning or have been playing Ace Combat games for years (of which I am the former). I loved the "strangereal" concept of actual planes loaded up with super weapons that have the potential to wreak havoc. The scale of the main enemy is amazing and you feel intimidated by how huge and powerful it is by the end of the campaign. All in all, a great game for fans of the genre but not for young children as the swearing is a bit much at times.
I think this is a really cool game for plane junkies it has REALLY cool graphics and really smooth game play me and my Pa play it together on Xbox one X, Really good game over all with just a teeny bit of mild language. Overall really good game.
Ok, Look.
Horrible
Nice game!
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssst Game Ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game for kids
Cash Grab
Great game, but younger kids need some help
This is just Super Mario Bros for the WiiU. I have a switch, and I have played inovative games like Super Smash Bros Ultimate and Rocket Leauge. And then, this appears. It is in that moment that I realize that it is just another side scrolling Nintendo Gold Mine. So, if you want to expirience a few extra items and one extra character, be my guest.
Horrid
I love this game! It is easy to use for beginners with Nabbit and he is how I beat it lol. Try it!
This Mario game is the best game I've ever played.
The game played smoothly on the DS, and if you can not afford a nintendo switch, this is a GREAT way to break into the super smash bros franchise! The game is perfect for any kid who wants to burn 30 mins by playing a freindly game in which they get to see characters that will stick with their memory for years!
It's just a port of the Wii U Game (which was already similar to the Wii game before it) but with "Deluxe" added to the name. Wow you can play as toadette. Wow you can play as knockoff peach. Wow you can play as Nabbit in the main game. Captain Toad had more new content and it didn't have deluxe in it's name!
This game is really, really, fun. It is a long one, so good to have for road trips and plane rides. While it is a simple concept, it can be VERY challenging at times and younger players need to be taught controls. I would not recommend letting kids who get mad play this, because my little brother gets mad and he threw his joy con across the room, and now there is a medium sized chip in the controller. overall, great game, yes, I realize there is a character that is immune to enemy attacks, making the game better for younger kids, but from my experience kids want to be like their older siblings and use regular characters like Mario and Luigi and toad
its pretty good.
good mario and luigi game. i like way you can play as bowser like you never have before. (oh wait, theres smash, mario kart, mario sports, and so on.) heh heh...
Nice
Ok, Look.
This is a nice motion controls game. The most main reason why am I rating 5 is that it has LMFAO. everday im shafolink!!!!! :DDDDDDDDD
Nothing will ever beat Wii Fit. It doesn't even matter if you get this game, because you'll just think about the Wii Fit games.
Amazing Game but...
Really good and engaging game
Why Smash Bros. Is A Great Game For Everyone
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEST!!!!
A must-have for any Nintendo Switch owner. A combination of an anime-style graphics game, a crossover fighting game, and even has a story mode. Thanks, Sakurai.
My brothers addicted
Best in the series yet! A must buy for Switch owners!
Incredible.
Great For Kids But Online is Another Story
It is fun like brawlhalla
Not Suitable for Under the 6 (But not 6), But Recommended to Play with Parents
It’s completely fine for five-year-olds
The ultimate installation in a popular franchise is hard to learn, but extremely fun
Best Fighting game
IT'S A MUST BUY FOR 6 YEAR OLDS
perfection
Overrated
Fun game!
Great game
it's not Melee
This was the first game I played on my switch. Nothing in this game is inappropriate except for VERY low violence, and no blood is shed. There are DLCs in the game (Fighters you must buy with $$) and they are not worth it. Its worth the cost of $60 itself. Buy it and have a fun 22 hours of play!
Fighting games realize it or not, are very good for the human body. Learning patience to master a hard to play game takes a lot of effort and memorizing all the button presses to activate your combo is captivating. Maybe not for really little kids because it is pretty difficult and your spoiled little baby might not like it and continue playing Fortnite, but this game is one of the best I ever played. It has lovable characters with such creative and quirky personalities. As funny as it is, this game can also lead into a well paying job, people win more than 1 million dollars a year winning tournaments of this game, where they practice and meet new friends, and also get the dough!
Super Smash Bros. ULTIMATE is the best game eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer!
Super Smash Brothers Ultimate is a 100% MUST-HAVE for any Nintendo Switch owner and anyone who's into crossover fighting games. There really is no inappropriate stuff. Sure, fighting is the main focus of the game, but it has very anime-style graphics, and there's no blood involved. However, quite a few characters come from T or M rated games such as Joker from Persona 5, Bayonetta from the Bayonetta series, Solid Snake from Metal Gear Solid, Cloud Strife from Final Fantasy VII, and others. The controls of the game are easy to get used to, and there's an in-game tutorial on how to play. There are 70+ fighters and a little over 100 arenas. From the game menu, there are several gamemodes: Regular Battles,(in the Smash category), World of Light(the game's story mode), Online Battles,(which requires Nintendo Switch Online), and in the Games and More section, there are some other minigames. There is also downloadable paid content, or DLC. This is content that is not available through normal gameplay. The first one, a standalone fighter, was Piranha Plant from the Mario series. After that, they made a "Fighter Pass", which contains 5 challenger packs. Buying the Fighter Pass grants you access to its content as soon as they are developed. Each challenger pack contains one fighter, a soundtrack, and a stage. The first Fighter Pass has the DLC fighters Joker (from Persona 5), Hero (from the Dragon Quest series), Banjo-Kazooie (from Banjo-Kazooie), Terry Bogard (from the Fatal Fury series), and Byleth (from Fire Emblem: Three Houses). Bandai Namco and Sora Ltd. (the developers) are also developing a second Fighter Pass, which will be completed by December 2021, and this one will contain 6 challenger packs. They also revealed that the first DLC fighter in the second Fighter Pass will be from the ARMS game. Piranha Plant (Piranha Plant is a standalone fighter, so he is not part of a Fighter Pass) costs $5.99, the first Fighter Pass costs $24.99, and the second Fighter Pass costs $29.99. You can also buy each Challenger Pack individually if you'd like. Overall, the game is pricey at $59.99, but it is definitely worth it. Thank you, Masahiro Sakurai (the director).
We've only had the game for a couple of months and I'd say he's addicted. It's a good game and all you do is fight each other, no blood or graphic content. It's pretty simple honestly. I enjoy playing it with my brother. He mains Pit and Ike lol (also Kirby)
I have sunk many hours into this masterpiece of a game! If it comes to trying to collect all the spirits, stage builder, A mediocre but fun story mode called World of Light, + more. When you first boot up the game, you only start with 8 characters. I know many people disliked this, but its a smart way to poke at the nostalgia of the original N64 game. Every character has their pros and cons, and MOST are enjoyable (Ness, please let me be in peace.) There are DLC fighters, which I recommend, but if you have just enough money for that then you should just wait. The online mode is good-ish, but lag is common for people with meh internet. Classic Mode is a mode, that's it... (Just kidding) It's a mode where when you choose a fighter, it'll have its own "route", meaning it's own character battles that reference its series. There are more modes, though I don't want to spoil them, or I'm just lazy, but I will explain a little more. Miis, remember them back in the Wii era? Anywho, you can create your own Mii fighters with any Mii you create. Spongebob in Mario's outfit, yourself with Majora's mask, and obviously more. Amiibo, little figures costing 12$ (9.09 pounds), can be scanned and use to train. You can let them go on a journey, which is basically fighting other Amiibo from around the world. Spirits are pretty much replacements of Trophies from earlier games. They aren't as cool, they have no description telling the origin, but they're still so fun to collect. I recently collected all 1438 spirits, &amp; boy was it a waste of time but it was so much fun! The story mode, World of Light, is basically spirit galore, with over 600 in it. It's very repetitive, even lasting about 25 hours depending on the person, so I would just play a bit each day. There are more ways to get spirits, 1) The spirit board, pretty much just a board where you see available spirits. 2) Summon &amp; enhance. Some characters can enhance into true forms or 2nd forms, being based off their games. They can also be summoned, which is where you use your other spirits to make a new one. The violence in this game is not bad at all, punching, lasers, etc. are present, but it's obviously toned down. Many franchises varying from Mario, to Zelda, to even Persona now. This makes a great family and party game, but also being amazing for single player too! The price is $60 (45.57 Pounds) and is it worth it? Very much so! I would have rated it like Ages 7 &amp; up, but I didn't know if parents would dislike that, so I stuck with 9 &amp; up. That's it. See you!
If your Kid has a Nintendo Switch then totally buy this for them, It has violence like punching and slashing but it's just cartoonish and not gory or up close. This is hard sometimes for kids if you play Online because there are a lot of skilled players Online. It is a great game, it has many of your favourite characters and you can play with up to 8 players.
This is tries to be family-friendly and it did successfully with Camilla and Mythra's artwork being censored with no skin but a tiny bit of skin shown and it is a great party game. While it may be good the online side is very horny with some tumbnails showing a female's underskirt without censoring it so I think that the age rating should be higher than it should.
This game has alot of cartoon violence but I think kids that get to middle school should get the game because when i started playing super smash bros I was in 6th grade (same year i started playing brawlhalla!)
Cute character fighting, No description of role casualties, Not Too much But Mild violence
So I like to say if you own a Nintendo switch this is a game that you you have got to get your hands on it is my very favorite Fighting game there is is multiplayer online But you can only say certain things
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate could very possibly be the best game in the series. The game is incredibly fun alone, with friends, and online. Not easy to just pick up and play, Smash Ultimate is a constant learning experience, where players must examine their own and others' gameplay in order to get better. The game pulls characters from every corner of Nintendo imaginable, as well as well-known third-party characters from other popular companies. The game has a very high skill ceiling, so it can be hard to win when playing against others, but is still fun most of the time. Every fighter is carefully crafted to represent their series with a variety of attack options that help players develop strategy as well as reflexes and timing. The main reason I have such a high age rating is ease of play, as it is very difficult to learn, but there are a couple other questionable things in the game. Some cutscenes in the story mode or final smashes may be frightening to sensitive children, a handful of female playable characters and assist trophies wear skintight and somewhat revealing clothing, multiple spirits in the game sometimes include pictures of immodest or scary-looking characters, some bosses in the story mode are fairly frightening and may be portrayed as demonic, and some stages have background elements that may include horror-esque monsters or frightening aliens. Although some of these may seem daunting, with the correct settings they are fairly easy to avoid and can almost be forgotten as being in the game. Overall, I would say that Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is a game appropriate for all ages, however very hard to play. Despite this learning curve, this game is definitely an extremely fun highlight in Nintendo's library, worth it for those willing to take the time to practice.
It's a great game with fun for everybody not really that violent online isn't the best but otherwise great game and the dlc is also amazing.
This is a awesome game, I've played before. -NO BLOOD -Some Violence -Easy controls I've been playing for 7 years now!
too good it gets me so pumped up i play it all most all day it is so cool for family's but it's really fast for your eyes so that's what you have to get use to that jelly.
I love the series but I do not like this game. Some fantasy violence.
It's not that violent, but some characters have sexual traits. I saw my friend's younger sister which is about 8 years old playing this, and I was shocked.
It's almost everything i hoped for in a smash game. The only thing that's disappointing for me is the storymode but that's because we didn't get one for a while and so i had high expectations. But the overal game is amazing i really like the spirit board, and the fighters pass keeps you playing for a while.
