This game is awesome!
Easy to learn, hard to master.
I love Smash!
Super smash bros ultimate
Really Good
Horible Franchise representation, Amazing Everything else.
Good.
Everyone is here, and it feels right.
My favorite game
It's the 5th fighting game in the series. Smash Bros started out as crossover game from multiple different video game properties from Nintendo in 1999. By the 3rd game which was rated T they added 2 characters from 2 different companies. Sonic the Hedgehog who is owned by SEGA and Snake who is owned by Konami. You might know Sonic but probably not Snake. Snake comes from Metal Gear Solid. It's a more mature franchise. After that characters from other companies got in smash. The characters that get in are ones that deserve it not characters from games that are popular at the time and are trending. Those get in. In the story mode characters are fighting for a good reason. It's the only way out of the problem. It's not a justification. They are going up against 2 cosmic being beings. Characters appearing in the game come from both family friendly franchises and mature franchises. Each franchise shown in the game has had it's dark parts before. The game was made for fans of these properties.
IT’S NOT MELEE!
Good, but there are a few concerns.
Love this game! But needs 13+ Rating for 3 reasons
Not my cup of tea
Perfection
Best game ever!!!
One of my favorites!
Best Game in the series
THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!
The Ultimate Smash Bros!
I got this game for christmas in 2018. I had so much fun with it! even my friends/family sometimes play it with me. I think that some of the characters are a bit obscure to younger audiences, because of the age rating. It is a little violent, but anybody can pick up that controller to have fun with this game!
Incredibly fun brawler. Can be frustrating in the beginning, but it's incredibly rewarding to get better (for example finally beating that one friend who always was better than you in a 1v1)
Smash will always be one of my favorite games, but Ultimate brought every single character back and even brought some characters no one would believe there would be here (like Ridley or Piranha Plant). It has some graphic violence, but it's not a problem because it's cartoonish and mild, and there's no blood or gore. It has some in-app purchases, with some Mii Fighter costumes and some very good fighters. Each fighter comes with a stage and some music. Overall, I think every Nintendo fan should play Smash.
Amazing game if there is one thing I would add it would be Hornet the hollow knight and the knight from hollow knight
This Game is awesome, but the World of Light Story Mode takes FOREVER, and some kids might get bored of the same thing over and over again. But I think they will enjoy playing as new characters, and they have different fighting style, so they won't get ultimately bored. See what I did there?
If you like platformers and you like fighting games then this is the perfect game for you. unless your a big fan of zelda, kirby, wario, ect.
very mild cartoony violence.
Holy moly this game is awesome. With 75 characters (not including echo fighters) and tons of content, this is my favorite game. Being a fighting game, it’s obviously gonna have violence, but it’s really cartoony. Not a single drop of blood in sight for a million miles. The online is laggy at times, but mostly solid. I love this game so much. But there are some things that may be iffy for some parents. Some characters like Joker (not from Batman), Solid snake, Terry (because of another character called mai) and especially Bayonetta are from games that are M rated or not and have slightly inappropriate things, so a kid may be curios. Also, the learning curve is steep, so if you’re behind, chances are you aren’t catching up unless you have a ton of time. But other than that, it’s awesome. NeVer mINd WaLuIGi isN’T iN tHiS 0/10 WoRSt gAMe LitERaLly UNplAYaBLe. (In case you couldn’t tell, that last bit was a joke)
Fun fighting game with lots of fun characters. There all some female characters in kind of thin clothing but if you count that as sexual Nintendo games aren’t for you. Online is an option.
It's the 5th fighting game in the series. Smash Bros started out as crossover game from multiple different video game properties from Nintendo in 1999. By the 3rd game which was rated T they added 2 characters from 2 different companies. Sonic the Hedgehog who is owned by SEGA and Snake who is owned by Konami. You might know Sonic but probably not Snake. Snake comes from Metal Gear Solid. It's a more mature franchise. After that characters from other companies got in smash. The characters that get in are ones that deserve it not characters from games that are popular at the time and are trending. Those get in. In the story mode characters are fighting for a good reason. It's the only way out of the problem. It's not a justification. They are going up against 2 cosmic being beings. Characters appearing in the game come from both family friendly franchises and mature franchises. Each franchise shown in the game has had it's dark parts before. The game was made for fans of these properties. There is no character better than the other in any way. They all fight differently. It depends on the player. Who get to fight on locations from many different properties and 3 stages that originate from Smash Bros. You could choose what song plays during the fight. All characters have alternate costumes. Some stages have hazards. You can have items appear on the stage. The settings for a match are pretty well done. DLC which is something you can buy. It's 5.99 on Nintendo Eshop. Comes with character, music, stage and spirirts, Spirits are badges that give you special abilities based on what character the badge is based on which usually they are non playable characters in the game. Spirit fights is also something in story mode. Majority of the franchises are from Japan, The DLC pack 1 has been fully revealed. At this point the second has not revealed what characters. Only thing revealed for the 2nd pass is the franchise that the first character is from. The characters in game are good role models. They don't show here a lot but from the games they originate from they do. The villains also have sympathy. Miis used to be characters that you create on older Nintendo consoles of your family, friends or even a character. In Smash you can use them as fighters. There are 3 types of fighters the can be. You can give them costumes based on franchises shown in smash or a neutral costume. You can chose their move set and their voice. The game has lots of nostalgia for old and young fans of the properties represented. The game has a happy but gritty look to the characters. Some may look cute and silly but they are shown as if they were ready to fight. The game has cartoon logic and there is no blood. The concept of death is never referenced unless it's shown in the background of some stage, spirit, character, song or costume. Usually that originates from a more mature franchise shown in the game and sometimes not. There is a James Mcloud spirit badge who is the father of Fox Mcloud from the StarFox franchise by Nintendo. In the StarFox game James is betrayed and killed. Fox grows up to be as great as his father and fights for good in a group called StarFox with his friends. The group that betrayed James is now StarWolf and is connected with the antagonist Andross. Super Smash Bros.'s title also references the Super Mario Bros. Mario is the mascot of Nintendo and Luigi is his brother. It's a homage not marketing. If it were marketing it would not include as many references as Smash Bros has.. It's homage to these properties shown in Smash. The questions from commonsense media for your kids are good but they put some questions that would need true commonsense to answer. Like the one about violence in games. There is a reason they are in story mode. Smash Bros is technically an interdimensional tournament. Kind of like a karate tournament.
Sorry, I had to do it. Jokes aside tho, this is an amazing game to play, not to mention it is the biggest smash game yet. It is a very good game to play with your friends if you have some spare time, and I enjoy finding tricks to smash em out of the stage! It is very enjoyable, especially if you are a major smash or Nintendo fan. I would definitely recommend! Age wise, 9+. Because the entire point is violence. But seriously common sense, 1 star sexual content because they wear “skintight outfits?!”
This game is so good! The easy to use controls (that can be remapped), it isn’t to hard to master competitive gameplay, and is is generally fun. But there are two things that make this 11+. 1.) The “Ouendan Cheerleaders” spirit, the Ouendan Cheerleaders have very revealing outfits, a little too revealing for younger children, but the same could be said for, 2.) The Bayonetta series, the Bayonetta series has some... questionable game design, but in smash, the only thing to worry about is when Bayonetta smash attacks, her outfit gets a bit revealing. (Enough to get the Smash 4 rating to “Suggestive Themes”) But that’s pretty much it.
This game has no blood or gore, this game if cartoonish and fun, but, reason 1, some characters do wear tight or revealing clothing but that’s just a few characters, most of them aren’t, reason 2, this game is a little complex, it’s takes a lot of practice to be good but over time the game gets easy for you, and reason 3 is an optional thing but if you have the Nintendo Switch Online app, then you can voice chat which isn’t a problem for older kids, I know I sound like an adult but it’s all the truth, this game overall is still very fun and I enjoy playing it, this game can be up to 8 players on one tv, which makes a good party game and the story (World Of Light) is a beautiful story You start of as Kirby and your saving characters, I don’t wanna say to much and ruin the story, Hope my review helps
This game not my cup of tea it is a boring game and really frustrating. But if you like fighting game you will like Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. Just not my game.
Pit your favourite childhood characters against each other and have them beat the crap out of each other. Perfect. In, a serious note, there is nothing to be concerned about apart from maybe some details on a few characters (looking at you bayonetta).
This game is one of the best games ever and is a must have for switch owners!! The reason I think it's 10 and up is because of how complicated the controls are but other than that it is a true gem!
A great fun fighting game that everyone can pick up and enjoy. Really fun with alot of recognizable characters! BTW there's no blood Karen!
If you're looking to have some fun with different video game universes, this is the game for you.
It's a really violent game but there's no blood.And believe it or not fighting games are really good for you.
THIS. GAME. IS. AWESOME! If you have a Nintendo Switch, you should DEFINITELY get this game! It was 100% worth the wait! Being a fighting game and all, it of course has violence, but it's pretty slapstick and not realistic. There are a few characters from M-Rated games, for example: Snake from Metal Gear Solid, Joker from Persona 5, Bayonetta from..............Bayonetta. But there's no swearing or blood. Joker uses an actual gun, and I DO mean an actual gun, not a cartoony one, like an actual pistol. (Though to be fair, in Persona 5, it's just an airsoft gun that turns into a real one when you go into the Metaverse), but again there's no blood so there's nothing to worry about. Characters DO explode in Stamina Mode once they get K.O'd but don't worry, they're fine once the match ends as they're seen clapping for the victor (well, some of them. the Ice Climbers just cry.) And in World of Light, characters are seen getting disintegrated by Galeem's beams, and in Dharkon's bad ending, Mario just straight up DIES. (Again, no blood but it could scare younger players) and I don't mean a cartoony death where he falls off the screen like in regular Mario games, I mean he gets on his knees and then collapses. It then cuts to static after this happens, which again could scare or at the very least unsettle younger players. It also has a pretty large roster, ranging from good guys like Mario, Kirby, Link, Sonic the Hedgehog, Samus, Banjo and Kazooie, Marth, Hero. ETC. and evildoers like Bowser, Ridley, Ganondorf, King Dedede, Mewtwo (I don't know if Mewtwo is exactly EVIL or not). There's one move that Ridley has where he literally impales his opponent with his sharp tail, and again while there's no blood as I mentioned prior, it's still pretty violent. Overall, you should definitely try this game!
Probably the most violent yet kid-friendly you can get
Huge smash fan since brawl
This is NOT inappropriate/violent WHATSOVER!
Great for many
Amazing
A great fighting game.
SSBU Review
My sister can play
Best In The Series So Far!
This Game Couldn't Get Better
Super Smash Fun
Fun.
BEST SWITCH GAME, I wish I could give it more than 5 stars
Best game I have ever played.
A great battle with no blood!
It is amazing game that you should play
Literal perfection
Everyone is here!
Worth it!
Great competitive game with suggestive themes and violence.
The game itself is really good and super addicting! A bunch of video game characters coming together to duke it out and fight each other! However, for a Nintendo game, there are quite a few things you can find that could be seen as “not for kids”. While 85% of the game can be seen as kid friendly, the other 15% falls straight into the iffy zone. VIOLENCE AND OTHER FREAKY STUFF- Of course, characters do fight each other, so that’s something you might want to look out for. Many characters use all assortments of weapons such as swords, hammers, fire, and even a few guns here and there. However, this game isn’t like Mortal Kombat, Grand Theft Auto, or some other thing, Characters don’t bleed out or decapitated or even remotely injured with other characters attack them. Most of the time, all that happens is that they disappear into a blast of white light (with confetti!), so no blood and gore there. You have no need to worry about any characters getting gutted or other such. However, one fighter character that gets a special mention is a dinosaur like character known as “Ridley”. The character resemble a thin, skeletal like dragon, and his appearance is a stark contrast to all the other fighters you can play as, being far more grim and gritty in appearance. Most of Ridley’s moves consist of jabbing with a sharp barb on his tail, one of those moves even consisting of the character impaling the enemy. One of Ridley’s “victory animations” include him clawing at some unseen object (or potentially even person) on the ground before menacingly looking at the camera. While all of this is kept bloodless and kid-friendly (no blood or gore is ever seen around Ridley’s moves or animations), Ridley is definitely pushing the boundaries of what can be considered kid-friendly. Another thing worth mentioning pertaining to violence is the game’s story mode, which is named “World of Light”. The opening cutscene to the story consists of one of the main antagonists, named Galeem, blasting rays of light at all of the fighters which proceeds to kill them, with only one character managing to be the only survivor of this attack. This can definitely be seen as upsetting, especially seeing all your favorite characters get burnt to crisp. Again, this all done without any bloodshed, and the characters can get revived if you beat them, but it’s still can be heart wrenching seeing the likes of Mario and the Inklings get killed, albeit temporarily. Another thing to note about Galeem is that the character has appearance of being a bright orb surrounded by white wings, giving itself an almost angelic appearance. This could lead to some believing that Galeem is a “good guy” or a good rolemodel. However, the things Galeem commits is far from good natured, so it should be important to inform your kids that Galeem is the “bad guy” and should be the one you should get rid of. Another character worth mentioning is a character named “Dharkon”, which appears later the game. Dharkon is given the appearance of an eyeball surrounded by a mass of black and purple tentacles. Yeah. The appearance of this character can very easily be seen as scary or frightening, so you should definitely take note of him. The appearance of Dharkon is something parents should definitely look out for. Relating to the character above, the appearance of Dharkon is also where the game introduces some rather freaky characters that serve as bosses. The three bosses are known as Dracula, Ganon, and Marx. Dracula is a vampire that ends up turning into a freaky creature after the player defeats one of his phases, so it’s easy for kids to see him as frightening. Ganon is...another freaky creature that can appear as scary or frightening. There isn’t much one can say about him, but do now that the battle against the creature takes place on a flaming environment, so that’s something to take in mind. Marx is a creature that appears cute and cuddly at first, but soon transforms into a winged beast. While the character itself has a very kid friendly design, some attacks of the creature include itself splitting in half to create a black hole, turning its eyes into black sockets and ripping them out to attack the player, and even turning its wings into veins. Marx is another one of those characters that pushes the boundaries of being kid-friendly, so be warned. There are also several obtainables within the game known as “spirits“, which are the spirits of other Nintendo characters. Some of the designs of these characters can be seen as disturbing, but they aren’t something major to the game. SEXUALITY- Don’t worry. No actual sex takes place in the game (thank god). However, some characters have some...questionable outfits, so do keep that in mind. Some characters include Palutena, Zero Suit Samus, and Bayonetta. Some spirits also have very questionable outfits, but do keep in mind that spirits do not have much of a major role in the game, so you should be safe. CONSUMERISM- In the real world, there are things known as “Amiibos” that can be used in the game, so there’s definitely quite a bit of consumerism in that respect. There are also some characters that can only be obtained through microtransactions, so be aware of that as well. DIFFICULTY- The game has very user-friendly controls. It doesn’t take anymore than an hour or two to get used to things! However, some spirits in the game have been known to be very challenging to obtain. While spirits are strictly optional and have no real impact outside of story mode or battles that allow spirits (heck, I’m pretty sure you can go through the entire game without knowing they exist), do know that there are some challenges the player has to complete in order to get these spirits. These challenges range from incredibly easy to disgustingly hard, so do be aware that there can be some frustrations trying to obtain those spirits. Also, it’s a fighting game, so you can expect some frustrations to start popping up. SAFTEY AND PRIVACY- There’s a mode where players can challenge other players online, so obviously, safety and privacy is going to be an issue for some people. However, over all, Smash Bros is really just fun, wholehearted game about characters battling each other, all without bloodshed! It’s a fighting game that can attract all types of ages, even if there are a few bumps in the road. Overall, it’s a fun game!
It is an amazing game truly amazing you can play as all your favorite characters it is absolutely amazing BUT there are characters to buy if you want but it is a dlc
This is a great game to play with your friends and family. There is absolutely no blood, or anything like that. You will NOT regret paying $60 for this game.
It's a good game Fun for all ages, though I would reccomend if you're an overprotective parent, wait till 10
This game is so good there is violence but no blood. My 6 year old cousin is able to play easily. The only concern for little kids is one character called Bayonetta. Her clothes are literally made from her hair and she uses it for attacks. Its heavily censered but just keep little kids away from her
Contains some fantastic violence.
I just got this game for Christmas and it's an amazing game. I haven't played Super Smash Bros since the 3DS. The adventure mode is a called "World of Light" where Kirby has to rescue his friends from an enemy named "Galeem" who is trying to create a new world. You get new fighters by defeating them in battle. There's also a mechanic called Spirits which you use to get boosts. The spirits are from different franchises (Pokemon, Animal Crossing, Mach Rider, etc) It's cartoonish so there's no blood or gore. There, of course, is violence in the game but it's not bad whatsoever. I never noticed any sexual outfits or anything, but it doesn't mean it's not there. You'll get used to the controls and if you're new to this, I recommend going to the Nintendo website to learn how to play.
my sister who just turned 6 can play without any trouble.
I got this game on my birthday and ive played it up to 170 hours! The graphics are amazing for a smash bros game and in crisp hd, There Are Over 70 characters (this will be long xd) like mario, donkey kong, link, kirby, pikachu, fox, samus, dark samus, luigi, captain falcon, ness, jigglypuff, peach, daisy, bowser, roy, marth, dr. Mario, pichu, ganondorf, zelda, sheik, chrom, and thats not even half of them! My jaw dropped when i saw there was over 103 flippin stages! Theres this story mode called world of light where all of the spirits of characters have dissapeard except one and you have to save them from The Evil Galeem and Dharkon! U start off as kirby but you can unlock characters along the way as well as collecting spirits ( which non playable characters who help you on your journey), solving puzzles, and fighting bosses. It takes up to 30 hours to atleast 100% the story mode and it can be hard fighting spirits like pauline, the boss, calamity ganon and a few more. Theres other modes in the game like online which you play with people around the world, classic mode which you fight different characters while trying to get a high score, home run contest where you damage a punching bag and whack it with a bat and see how far it can go, and more! Although you start with only 8 characters, you can unlock them on the way! I honestly think would be a little tough for younger kids but if some help or alot of practice, its a blast! Btw, you can play with other people up to 8 characters 100% buy it if your kid wants a switch or u have enough money to but it yourself.
This game is amazing it has fairly good graphics and is so diappointing that it is only the Switch. You can chose from 75 characters that all have deferent personalities and abilities. You chose one to fight your friends or CPUs with. You unlock more amazing characters along the way and it only takes a couple of minutes to learn the controls. The voilence is all cartoon and no blood or anything is shown. Some chacters wear revealing clothes though, something you might want to stare at. But overall this game is for kids not tweens and up and everybody deserves to play it.
This is a fighting game, but it is in no way bloody or gorey. It is only cartoonish. It's really fun to train and play against friends, and involves more strategy than most games for this age range.
This game is sorta good. I'm 9 and i play this game every day before (and after) school and it's really fun. Of course it has mild, cartoony violence like every SSB game but this one is pretty good. Sometimes i even invite my friends from school to play this game on my new Switch!
It's is so so so so soooo good. I think there aren't many not obvious concerns, like yes it is a fighting game but it isn't that violent compared to others. There is 1 character that can be put in suggestive clothing and there is paid DLC that kids might buy but other than that it is so good
Totally worth the money (which is 80$). My all time favourite videogame. Controls are easy to learn, but hard to master. A vast array of characters and stages. If you ever get to play, you’ll understand what I mean.
This game is really good! It's like a fighter game but with more fighters to choose from and no blood! One that is kinda not appropriate is the tight clothing for bayonetta and zero suit samus... that might of been token a tiny bit too far
It has a bit of vilens here and there like a character geting hit by a wepens and stuff but it is cartoony so that it is not as bad. plus there is no blood or gore in the game. the most vilent thing you can do is thouth a bom at some one then see them filying in the back grownd.
The title says it all
Smash bros ultimate is the best smash bros in the franchise. With 72 characters and over 100 stages, it's a good multiplayer game. But it's a fighting game, so you will have to attack opponents with swords, guns, and other weapons on characters. No swearing diolauge is founded when I played it, and the controls is easy to use. Warning: Some smash bros characters originated from T or M rated games.
This game is quite expensive, but worth it. The game doesn’t give you many tips on how to play which can be frustrating for new players, but there are plenty of videos on YouTube to help. The violence is cartoonish and there is never any blood.
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is a great game while playing solo, co-op, online, story, co-op online or the many more modes! But, it’s rated E10+ pretty fairly and is kinda close to T. VIOLENCE 6/10: Frequent use of guns, fists, poles, knives, fantasy objects and more to defeat your enemies. Every hit shows a splash effect other than blood, but still comes out as violent. The fighting is constant and required to play, and will push young children’s aggressive behavior pretty high if not at a certain age. In fact, this game and mortal Kombat are very alike. They are both at least 3x more impactful then CoD (Call Of Duty). LANGUAGE: There is No voice chat at all, and there is no text chat either. You have a selection of words to say ranging from “good job!” To “let’s smash!”. (This being a joke that’ll fly over kid’s heads). OTHER: Characters Frequently wear outfits that show extreme amounts of cleavage. This is usually women, but men go shirtless too. Nothing is sexual though. OVERALL: 8+
