BEST. GAME. EVER.
A must have Smash Bros game for everyone out there!
Great game.
Anyone can play!
Rating says it all
Fun brawler for groups with plenty of single player content too
BEST GAME EVERRR
uhhhh yeah
ULTIMATE
A revolutionary game with a few problems
Awesome brawler game.
Best Smash Game
The best one yet?
Honestly. Amazing!
best smash game ever
too good to be true
It's Fine
I suggest buying
A Fighting Game That Isn't What You Expect.
Basically, this is the best game that any company could possibly put out. It's total perfection.
Being a Smash Bros veteran from 64, I own every Smash game there is: from 64, Melee, Brawl to Wii U/3DS until I adored Ultimate. The final installment title to the series hyped so many people including me. Purchased the European Special Edition pack with a fancy box, game case, GC controller, and adapter for 200 Bucks. I generally love to use the Gamecube controller as my wise choice of competetive gameplay (though I'm going to purchase a Wireless USB connector via compatibility with my Wii U Pro controller) and I main Male Corrin as my powerhouse fighter. For eased gaemplay, I generally play as Joker, Chrom or the rest of the AweSomE cast: Marth, Ike, Shulk, Robin, Pit, Dark Pit, Lucina, Reflet, and Roy. Though these fighters from the Fire Emblem, Kid Icarus, and Xenoblade series use swords, bows, and spell tomes, minimal violence is indulged. Thier Final Smashes are perfect and I absolutely adore snapping pictures for each fighter. Features that I dearly sorrow over are several points that were completely transformed from the previous games. Felt extremely miffed about the pause screen where I can no longer train/lock the camera on a selected fighter, cycling through the L/R buttons to optically zoom at. Instead I get this full feature of the stage while I blandly have to scope in on a certain fighter slo mo. I then grew used to it, feeling mildly comfortable after a short interval of despisement. Another thing that I absolutely miss are the trophies. They have transformed into spirits now, providing absolute ZERO background information on a franchised character. Through I enjoy every bit of Smash Ultimate, I hope to create "Smash Wars" a spin off fan game that revolves around the Smash TV trope groups: Cute Toot House, Hot Topic Krew, MemeMemeMemeBrigade, Yoshi&amp;Co., and finally Team Aquila that battle over a plethora of ridiculed based plots to conquer Future Europe (Archanea) Not gonna fall into specific details but hoping to see it there one day. Back to Ultimate, it's a 5 star title for everyone to play. Though I gave it a 4 star due to the disappointing features, I eventually grew used to it and sometimes play it on a weekly basis. Also, about the fun tourneys to attend. Gotta check it out. ;)
Cool game with a cool community. i've put more than 40 hours into the game, the only problem someone might have is that people punch each-other, or that you can buy extra characters with DLC. (You get a full game with no dlc but having extra characters is nice)
There is nothing bad about this game, other than the occasional characters with small guns (Bayonetta, Snake, Joker, etc.). There is violence, (the main point of the game) but no blood, gore, or anything disgusting. In the game, the fighting is more of a “tournament” than a “mission to hurt”, as you can see the fighters that have lost the game clapping for the winner at the end of a match. Clearly a must-have for any Switch owner.
The epitome of a five star game. Fast paced, but not like melee. Every character is strong, so comebacks are very real and you have to always be on your guard. No one character is broken (maybe Peach, but I main her, so no complaints here) and the roster has everyone you wanted, except Waluigi. This game is really good with friends, and it will make you laugh, celebrate, and generally have fun. It’s my favorite game, and it probably will be yours too if you buy it. Thanks, Sakurai.
SSBU is packed to the brim with content and features characters spanning generations from Pac Man, to Donkey Kong, to Mario, to Sonic, to Snake, to Cloud, to Ryu, to Bayonetta, it has it all. Though Bayonetta may be a little risque and there is definitely cartoonish violence, I don't see why an 8 or 9 year old couldn't play it.
This game basically requires a lot of practice to get good at. When you get good at it. Then you'll be a god at.
just look at bayonetta why is she too thicc but this is the ULTIMATE game
The game is SO GOOD. There are over 70 characters in the game with more coming in the DLC. Great 3rd party characters like cloud strife from final fantasy 7 and solid snake from metal gear solid make the game even more fun. Up to 8 players can play together, and the controls are easy to understand but hard to master. There are around 1300 collectable spirits in the game as well as mii fighter costumes music trackd and more so lots and lots of collectables are available. Plus it has a good story mode called world of light. overall buy this game if you are getting or have a switch.
When I first played this game, I was blown away. I had played Smash Wii U before, but Ultimate takes the cake. There is a crazy amount of characters, old and new, and ridiculous amounts of stages! The adventure mode is really awesome, and a great way to get to know a lot of the characters and their abilities. I do have a few problems with a few of these characters; one of which is Zero Suit Samus. Parents, you might want to take a look at this character and see what you think. ZSS is the woman behind the armor of Samus, without an arm cannon and with a paralyzer gun. However, ZSS' outfit is a nearly skin-tight jumpsuit, which is bad on its own. There are two alternate appearances of her in her UNDERWEAR!!! I mean, there are no "boobs" shown, but her midrif his unbelievably exposed, bellybutton and detail on skin. The top is triangular, and she has really short shorts. This is my top resistance against Ultimate. Other characters I don't like are Bayonetta (a really seductive-type woman fighter), Phosphora (an assist trophy with very immodest clothing), and several fighter boosts called Spirits, some of which are immodest woman. I was really disappointed by these discoveries, and I can only hope that Nintendo doesn't add any more fighters like this. But I will end this with something positive: I have some of the most fun ever playing multiplayer with my friends and family. Get the game, but avoid Zero Suit Samus, Bayonetta, and any bad woman Spirits.
This is in my opinion the greatest game in the franchise. The main concept is fighting, but super cartoony and it never shows any blood or gore. A couple of characters have questionable outfits, but these can be easily avoided by just choosing a different outfit. You can think of this game as a very fast paced King of the Hill game. The goal is to hit your enemy enough times so they get damaged, then you try to “Smash” them off the screen.
Being a professional Smash Bros. Player, I know a thing or two about how these games work. I know for a fact that this game exceeded everyone’s expectations, mine included, by a long shot. I believe that anyone can pick this up and play, and because of the mobility the switch has, this game has a huge longevity. I’m so happy to be playing this game and recommend it to everyone. The characters all come from my favorite games, and some from games I’ve never heard of. I’m now a huge fan of Fire Emblem thanks to this game! While it’s not exactly a GOOD message, what, with the characters fighting each other and all, but most of these characters have inspired kids and influenced them in a good way. 10/10, won’t ever stop playing.
Possibly the best Smash title after Melee. Amazing story mode and game play overall.
I got SSBU for Christmas, and I kid you not, it is fantastic! It has all of the characters from past SSB games and a few newbies, such as inkling from Splatoon. Classic mode returns, and the new World of Light quest is really good too! VIOLENCE: What parents need to know is that it is obviously a fighting game, but no blood or gore is present. SCARINESS: Personally, I don’t find it scary, but some younger players might get upset at things like Bayonetta’s final smash where she summons a demon, the Fatal Frames assist trophy, or some of the final enemies in classic mode . Also, they may get a bit upset as to why cute characters such as Jigglypuff or Kirby are getting beaten up. SEXY STUFF: Pretty much none is present, though some characters’ outfits may be ‘appealing’ to some, if you know what I mean. CONSUMERISM: A lot. It’s a game with loads of characters from different franchises, what do you expect? OVERALL: I rate it five stars and for children ten and up, as long as they are ok with violence and the very occasional slightly scary moment, and I also think in World of Light, Kirby is a good role model wanting to save his friends. Hope this helped you decide! ??
for kind of dumb parents, this is NOT the same as any other smash games. that said, this is an amazing game wether you love smash, mario, donkey kong, etc. if you have a switch you should totally buy this game.
nintendo really did THE ULTIMATE job here
This game is extremely fun! There is no gore or blood, the game features cartoon violence. Players can play as all the way from Mario to Pikachu to sonic. The game features fighting as its main point but to knockout others you must hit them off the edge. It is fine and very fun.
Now. This is honestly the best game in the series yet. Its a fighting game. Of course. But no blood or gore! The game can supply you with hours of fun! Defiently a must buy
First of all, sometimes the master review is just downright stupid, like if they searched "what's in a fighting game?" on Google. There is almost no violence in this game, and characters that do use fists have a single, 2 second move. I don't think 9 year-old Billy is gonna start beating up his friends because Mario did it. There is no blood in the entire game, and the adventure mode is about saving characters, like a Mario game. Yet that is not okay, and PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, with guns, and blood gets the same rating by the master review? Anyways, gameplay is pretty fun. Items change fights entirely, so it becomes more random. Overall, I give it 7+ because although fighting, in the Adventure mode, it's to save good guys, and it isn't violent in or out of the Adventure mode.
THE TRUE PAAAAAAAAAARTY!
Best Game Ever!
Me and my dad play this all the time!
OK GUYS FORGET WHAT I SAID ABOUT BRAWL
The Ultimate Brawl
It's fine
Nintendo does it again!
This game is amazing.
Really fun game.
Even more amazing than the WiiU version
Suitable for 5+
Banging for a Buck
Good Game But Has A Dark Lore in the story mode
Outstanding
Great game music and gameplay story EVERYTHING IS HERE sorry I had to. With over 70 fighters and more with DLC it's fun for everyone
Best game ever! This game will keep kids entertained on the switch. This game has so much that will never keep your kids bored. For young kids it might be scary and they might not get the concept. There will be DLC which you do have to pay for.
This is a really fun game, now the controls might sound bad at first but after awhile, you get used to it, and even if your not the biggest fan of fighting games, all the characters control like their game series counterparts so there's a good chance you'll enjoy it if you are a fan of Nintendo games.
brawl was too casual for me, and THIS IS THE MOST BEST THING SAKURAI GIVES US, THAT MAD MAN GIVES US EVERYTHING, *aka, fan service* WE GOT EVERY CHARACTER, DIRECTIONAL AIR DODGING, A WAY TO REMATCH UNLOCKS, AND MORE, I HAVE NOTHING TO EXPLAIN
Super Smash Bros Ultimate is the latest entry in a 20-year-old series where classic video game characters fight it out in an incredibly fun and unique fighter game. This version is truly the ULTIMATE edition of this game. There is a lot of options for local multiplayer, so that you can play with friends and family easily. The story mode can last for a long time if you want it to, and promotes the message that the only true way to have peace is to eliminate both light and dark. I've played this game for a while now, and I haven't even completed it, but this game can draw in new players and veterans alike. Overall, a really good game.
It's a great game, don't get me wrong. AI is decent, and online play is okay I guess? The online is incredibly laggy and nearly unplayable. I'll press a button and it'll have a slight delay (only online.) It leaves me frustrated. It's a great beat em up game with no blood nor gore and sweet looking Nintendo characters. The AI is great, it doesn't have all the problems that online does except for the awful maps. It's an amazing game.
Smash Bros. Ultimate is an upgrade ever since the first smash bros. in the late 90's. If you want a fun multiplayer without any blood, this game is for you. Sometimes it can be hard(depending how good you are), but you still know you're having a good time. Also, world of light. a really good smash mode and one of, if not, the best. a really good nintendo crossover fighting game better than ever. 10/10
Trust me, buy this game. It's worth the $59.99 you're paying. It has Nintendo characters, lots of content, online play (without voice chat), Adventure and Classic mode, and if you register the game before the 31st of January 2019, you get a special character. Make sure you're on the account. In 2-10 days, you'll get the code. When getting the code, put the code on the eShop. This game is so fun!
I would recommend this game to both new Smash players and returning fans of the franchise. This is the Switch's adaptation of the Smash Bros. Series, and it certainly does live up to the hype. There are fighters from many games such as Mario Bros., Donkey Kong, Legend of Zelda, Mega Man, Streetfighter, Earthbound, Pokemon, Fire Emblem, Xenoblade, Animal Crossing, Kid Icarus, Kirby, Castlevania, and other titles. The gameplay is fun, the local multiplayer was done wonderfully, and the story is great as well. Definitely a must-buy for anyone who owns a Switch.
I dare to call Super Smash Bros. Ultimate my favourite videogame. It's exceedingly fun, especially when playing with friends, and never gets boring or repetitive. There are countless stages to choose from. I wouldn't even call the fighting "violence" as it isn't gory at all.
Even though it's a fighting game, and the whole point is revolved around violence, there is no actual gore or blood, it's like violence you would see in a kids cartoon where they just jab each other lightly and neither of the characters really get harmed.
I've been a fan of the series since I played the older title, Super Smash Brothers Brawl. Which conissted a decent roster of characters, specifically my favourite being Solid Snaker and Captain Falcon. And eventually playing the other title for the 3DS and Wii U along with the new game for the Switch. But from it's value, it's worth buying and it doesn't present explicit violence. Which is more subtle than Mortal Kombat and similar to Street Fighter or Tekken.
This game is great with family and friend for multiplayer but in the story mode aka world of light one scene is a bit scary and is a little bit hard and frustrating but still a very good game though.
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is one of the best switch game ever and you should let your kids play it.
I played the Wii u game and this is not a disappointment. Incredibly fun with artful graphics and deep gameplay.
