This game is great!!!
Kids 12+ should play this. The gore isn’t major. The blood is black like in the lord of the rings. Ashen is a great alternative to Dark Souls. There are scary parts of the game, but the art style kinda lessens the creepiness. The art is stunning and it is simply a fun game to play. It is not quite as hard as dark souls but it has a learning curve.
new but not better
good, but not very suitable for people who are really into video games and basically are addicted to 'em
More mature than Just Cause 3
Boring sequel that offers nothing new to the main game.
Fixing Rico's hair
Suitable for anyone above the age of 12
Get this game!!!!
Parents need to read!
No blood rare s-words just lots of epic explosions
i haven't played just cause 4
Downgraded GTA
Worth your time, and for kids!
Not bad
It was free on Epic Games
Very disappointing
Great game!
Great game
Ok for 11 and up
PARENTS NEED TO READ THIS
there is way more things to do, use,blow up but the physics engine is practically broken ragdoll will throw you everywhere also if you want to play this game for its epic story and and amazing plotline then don't bother getting out your wallet , go buy just cause 3 also the game has a lot of violence (duh) and its fare share of swearing plus I wouldn't want rico to be the role model for my kids.
you see, it's probably good for 10+-11+, but you have to tell your child the concept of video games for them not to get vulgar. if your child has a console, get just cause THERE because you could see what is he/she is doing, overall a great game, you could turn off voices so you dont hear the swear words, however, it's really realistic, though dead bodies disappear after a while and it's not that bad. little to no blood, and really fun free for all game...
The game's violence (again) is no worse than the Avengers. The swearing consists of a few f--ks and s--ts and ass as well as other minor profanities. The game is fun however.
Just Cause 4 is a plain disappointment. It's boring, and unlike Just Cause 3, it adds nothing new to the series accept for sandbox tools to create your own fun that is optional and boring. Progression is bland and there's no reason to care about these new vehicles and tools to unlock, since there's no reason to use them. Just Cause 4 has more violence but same amount of blood as Just Cause 3. More comical and funny violence and a decent story. Close to the end of the game, characters start using f-words;"F**k him up Rico!", "Take this you non-alien motherf#!ker!", "Don't f#!k with the scorpion!" and, "You f#!king crazy!"One side mission has the protagonist replying in an "oh" moment. He replies with: "Oh f#!k!" At the beginning of the game the main character says a few uses of "$h!t" when his equipment is broken and when he lands on to an environmental hazard: "Aaah,$h!t!" and "$h!t!!!"
when I saw the ad for just cause 3 and thought the game would be amazing, I bought the game and have not stopped playing it since when it came out, there is always something you can do once you have finished the game. but now that just cause 4 has come out I am loving it more than any other game, but there is one problem. after a long time playing just cause 3, I had a new favorite character, Rico. when I heard just cause 4 was coming out I thought the makers would make Rico look more Like a hero or cooler looking. but when I got the game his hair was the worst!!! I hated that my favorite game and character has gone worse from just cause 3 to just cause 4. please change him, make him more hero like. thanks! But i'm still loving your game!!!
This game is a blast, I have about 24ish hours on record, but there is a ton of violence. Blood isn't really present, but there are some times where people will drop dead in their own blood. When people "die" they don't die too graphically, they just kinda fall, and their eyes stay open, almost like they're sleeping. Drugs aren't really present, but in the campaign, Rico, and some others take a few beers, and I think one shot of Vodka in a cutscene; cursing happens more within cutscenes then anything else, but there really isn't that heavy of cursing within it. I don't think there is any role models, or positive messages.
In just cause 4, you play as Rico Rodriguez, and you are on a mission to liberate the map. Violence 6/10: The violence is constant, but not all that graphic. Players use lots of weapons to creativity kill human enemy's. The result, LOTS of mindless killing. It can be a little bit bloody, but never graphic. Language 5/0 - 8/10: infrequent use of the F and S word.
Just Cause 4 has a lot of language and a lot of blood. But if your child is mature and knows the difference between real life and video games than they should be ok.
I may not know and play just cause 4 ( yet ) but i played and have just cause 2 since its a 15 in the uk in america is a M ( M is 18 ) for now i'm gonna say 12
This game is basiclly downgraded GTA, both in terms of fun and maturity. There are some pretty grusome scenes, involving both enemies and civilians, ranging from blood spatter to screaming. Would not recommend if you are sensative to violence. In terms of gameplay, the missions are fun, but it gets fairly repetative after a while... I would only buy if it's heavily discounted.
So, the rating is way over exaggerated by common sense. When I first got it, it was amazing, 3 months in, never got bored. I would recommend this for ages 10 and up because of swearing, (s-word) and violence (blood clouds when you shoot someone, and also because you can kill innocent people)
Its not a bad game at all it is fun. There is just swearing and violence. Hardly ever a swear word.
Story stinks but the sandbox element OH BOY. You can connect explosive barrel to truck and truck explodes, you can rip off tv sattelite from walls and even climb mountians using hook.
I was a huge Just Cause 3 fan and was excited to see this come into stores. After the first couple of minutes I realized it would be nothing like the game I loved and remembered. Instead of being sent into a giant world on your own with massive bases to overthrow and a fairly simple upgrade system, you are tackled with a series of plain missions and very confusing upgrade and progression mechanics. The violence isn’t bad and could be handled by anyone 12 and over. If you are looking for a game you’ll really love then pick up Just Cause 3 instead.
It is easy but still has a lot of strategy. They swear quite a bit, but not all the time. It's pretty fun to just mess around with the NPCs and driving around and just doing looking around.
It does swear however very rarely.Common sense probably overshot the badness of the violence but there is still a lot.Its super fun to play and there are lots of missions that you can complete at any time
Just cause 4 is a really fun game and the violence is not bad there is some shooting here and there especially when to fight enemies. But it also shows wing suits and parasuits and teaches how a man Rico (the man character) is fighting the black hand for freedom and to leave them alone
I am kid and my parents thought that this game was bad till they learned that the violence is cartoonish and not bad if your kid cant get GTA or watch dogs this is a very friendly teenager game. Also all most no swearing. bearly any blood too.
Great! ( parents read )
Great game for kids advanced or intermediate gaming level
Best game on Ps4
Its ok
Take it from someone whos played the game
Not for young kids, perfect for teens though
This Game is incredible
Very Good Game
Violent but not enough so to warrant an 18 rating. Also, it has a spectacular open world.
Just cause 4
Awesome game for action loving people
Swearing is Almost Non Existant
Not violent just fun
So I have played all the just cause games. 1 and 2 may not be suitable but three and four definitely are. 4 does not have mindless violence and there is pretty much no blood. You also have to take down a project that is killing innocent. The team that manages it is the black hand which kills everyone is their path. Language is only in the story. 4 F***s which 2 of them are at the last mission. My little brother is 8 and never repeats the bad words said in the game. Their are around 6 shits and pretty much no other ones. Also some kids might not want to play the story as you have a grapple hook, wing suit, retracter, placeable balloons, booster, and a parachute. You can also unlock upgrades for those. And the game has many positive messages ( ex 1. you have to protect a city ). So overall I would recommend for 8+
The game is overall great, with great content and a great story, however it is fairly violent and with a couple swears, but its nothing a kid shouldnt be able to handle.
No idea why they gave it an 18+ rating. No gore. Only a very small amount of blood, no sex, just really, really fun.
I think a guy that has lived in this world for over 12 years understand that this is not real life.
this game is absolutely fine. its powers your creativity and helps people learn. my younger brother (who is 8 years) has played this game when it got released and hes gotton very smart. Everyone in my family was wondering what happend but he told us at a family dinner. he said that it was because of just cause 4. I wasint suprised because in just cause 4 you have to use math to complete almost every single level. He said that he does math on paper and it helps him get really good. it is not violent. its like minecraft meets johny depp. i say meets johny depp because there is a lot of explosions. I mean A LOT! There's barley any swear words. probly about 2-3 but there not even that bad ones. dont judge a book by its cover, this game may be rated m but its not that bad.
It is pretty violent at times, it also cintains occasional swears! No nudity for sexual content as far as I know from my 10 hours in
You can turn all voices off in settings if you don't want profanity. Also the only violence is mostly explosions and no limbs flying off or gushing blood. This would be a great game for kids 11 and up if they understand that is not real life.
I think that this is a very good game because of the open world design and fun game-play. The only thing that I do not like is that some of the missions are very similar. They do have variety from each other in the main missions especially. It is fun just playing around, having your whole world to yourself.
Just Cause 4 is a massively underrated game. It is incredibly fun as you blow up enemy after enemy, the violence could make this game a 13+ but luckily it’s incredibly light hearted and over the top! The game is easy to pickup and you’re fighting for a good cause, leading a revolution to overthrow a dictatorship. I would say this game is okay for 11-12s and older.
Really good game
This is an excellent game and I highly remcomend it! The player will have to kill many enmities to get through the game, they can do this in almost anyway possible. From shooting them with a shotgun to flying a jet into them or crushing them with a tank. There are also innocent civilians around that are possible to kill any way that you can with enimies. Language can be strong but infrequent. The main character and many other people can be seen drinking beer but never get drunk. Overall I think this is a great game and I recommend it to anyone 11+
Swearing is barley in the game and when I let my younger brother play this he absolutley loved it and destroyed stuff and experimented in more imaginitve ways than I ever could he is 9 and he loved the explosions and fighting the bad guys which dont even drop a spec of blood It only has 3 swear words in the whole game it is amazing and my parents are thinking of even getting my lil bro his own copy for Christmas because they think he is at a mature enough state for the swear words.
I play this game all the time game is just random and fun it’s all about doing stunts and anything you want with crazy vehicles
Great isometric RPG
A great game but very challenging and complcated. Requires patience.
The game is brutally difficult, but I like it that way. Gameplay is fun and engaging. There are curse words used. The art is heavily stylized. There are corpses and blood, but it isn’t over the top in most cases. Fine for teens.
I think its a great game. defenetly for 12 year old or up (age 12 is for complicated, not violent.
Its not that bad.
Maybe a little hard for youngsters.
Some might look at the 12 and over rating and question it due to it being a spin off of the original Persona 3. Unlike persona 3 the rythem game isnt mostly like it, sure the character Ken dances with a dangerous weapon in one song and the character Junpei using a baseball bat in a dangerous way on a song. The females might have some revealing outfits but you can easily change them for a not that revaling outfit. Not that much wrong with it. Some swearing is in this game.
Super epic gamer game dude. its like legit so epic bro, dude. like omg its so epic. bruhbruh
Easy to play
I think any body can play this game it is just the qurdenation
