Great game!
I got this game with PS plus, and I love it! It’s an amazing game, it also doesn’t have to much blood, there is a bit when you hit enemies though. it has a gripping story and has a difficulty setting which is a good feature. I think it’s good for 12+!
This game is awesome
Ok for mature teens
GREAT GAME!
Great game!
Inaccurate, but fun
Finally a good game
Terrible
Terrible, Buggy, Misleading Mess Of A Game
Awesome
Its a good game but has alot of bugs and few swearing and can be a little vilont at times
Fun and not inappropriate
I like it
It's fun
Just Another Battlefield with some major Improvements
Decent gameplay
Realistic in blood and gore but fine for 11-12+
Now common sense media again with there fake reviews is of course wrong again this game is alright for people 13+ the reason for this is because this game teaches u about something historical yes it does have a fair amount of profanity in it yes it does have violence but when ur at school and ur learning about the punishments from the past then I'm pretty sure this game is fine.
This game is good for kids that love their history, preferably ww 2 history. It’s a great game and gets you involved in action packed team cooperation. Although most parents write that the language is bad you can turn that off by selecting the Lange that your characters speaks during battle. It’s probably the least violet in the battlefield franchise, and probably the best. I totally recommend getting the game.
Honestly the best game of all time.
The game has a really amazing story line multiplayer is lovely. And for the age part I bugged my parents for weeks to let me play it I got to play it eventually and there's some blood but not too much and there a good amount of language present.
This game hit a lot of flak at launch (geddit) because the game basically shoved the fact that women were in the game down everyone's throats. And that is a good reason to dislike the game, but it actually ended up being very fun and enjoyable. The War Stories mode made a return from BF1, with some very good and heartfelt stories, except Nordlys. Nordlys was BFV's adaptation of my favorite WWII story, where these Norwegian special operatives have to destroy a heavy water manufacturing plant to slow the German A-bomb making process. In Nordlys however, you have to sneak around, shooting Germans (as a lone female, as opposed to a team of males) to get to a manufacturing plant (that's right, they never even say the words heavy water in this entire story) in which you think your mother dearest is being kept. Then you and your mom blow up the plant (no one says anything about why except "we need to"), she shoves you off of a 40-foot-high bridge into freezing water, you get hypothermia, go into a hut, shoot a german, steal his hot chocolate (not a joke, you actually steal it), go somewhere else, do three other tedious sections, fight through a bunker, fight on ice next to a submarine, kill germans, mom dies (obviously), barrels sink, day saved! All in all, Nordlys is bad. But the rest of this game is great, so I think I'll stop here. The Last Tiger made me cry.
This is an underrated game
Liberal propaganda, ontop of that gameplay sucks
This game is really bad. The gameplay is a huge step down from the previous game in the series, and suffers from a huge lack of content. Also, the game's handling of its historical subject matter is absolutely unforgivable. Battlefield 1 did a fantastic job in portraying World War I, while this game is one of the worst WW2 games I've ever seen. The idea of exploring new perspectives was a great idea, but it was handled terribly here. They could have explored female viewpoints such as the awesome red army snipers on the eastern front, or the resistance members all throughout Europe. But they didn't, and the game suffers for it. Just play Battlefield 1 instead.
Common sense back at it with fake reviews. I agree with the language but it is not as gory as it says. Great messages.
Its a good game. Keep this in mind was a hradcore battlefield Player whos been playing for 4 year now. The game can have a few swearing like every once and a will it ma say " i need a F#@! medic" for the brits but the amercians surpisangly has very little swearing like " i Need a Danm Medic. The game is awsome if ur a plane lover of ww2 and a tanker and i reccomd it
It is a very great game and would make a great gift for a teen. It isnt as violent as games such as call of duty and medal of honor and they isnt to much swearing either
Fun and light hearted game. Nothing is to deep or violent. Super fast paced so u don’t think about the violence
i think this game is fun. the langaune you cant here over gun noise. 12 1/2 can probably play.
The blood splatter isn't that much but you can still notice it. There is a fair amount of swearing but you can make your character speak another language.
Battlefield 5 is just another battlefield game as far as Violence goes. But the Language is strong in single player if you have graphic content on. The Story mode has some positive messages but is not very good. Basically this game is like Battlefield 1 except World War 2 and you can build! This game encourages teamwork... big emphasis on teamwork because now anyone can "revive" fallen teammates not just medics (BF1), and building fortifications helps your teammates a ton. Overall this game is a blast and should not be overlooked just because it's rated M.
I think battlefield v is a good game. It includes some more but hardly any spatter. Single player is fun to start but it becomes repetitive. There also frequent uses of f*** and sh** and also uses c***. Good game but I bought it a bit overpriced at £60.00. It also has good historical features and good storylines with really excellent graphics and cut scenes. Good game.
I watch my dad play this game all the time. It is not very violent and doesn't show too much blood. I would say 11 and up, but if you have a mature 10 year old then they'd probably be fine.
I believe that it is very realistic and not cutting corners while showing the violence of war but based on standards these days and what us kids at exposed to already this is not a big deal.
Worst Battlefield game I have played.
Bang!
Good for mature 11 year olds
NOT BAD
Must get
13+
Missing option
great game
Amazing!!!
Amazing game
The truth about Battlefield V
CSM: Really?
For 12 and Up.
Its ok
great but a bit mature
Very Educational
Not all about the age rating
I liked Battlefield 1 and Battlefield 4. But Battlefield V was just done in a slightly different approach that, for me, just ruined the game. Violence is present and gruesome. You use a variety of WWII weapons to eliminate other opponents. When dying and calling out for help, characters bleed out with their hands covered in blood. When shooting other enemies, blood bursts but no gore is seen. Melee attacks can contain splashes of gore. Strong language is a factor, in the campaign, language takes place in dialogue. They are frequent and very explicit; @$$, f#!k, and $h!t. Gambling and consumerism is present online. Players are able to purchase season passes.
There is lots of use of guns and violence e.g. stabbing people, but if you can handle it, you’ll be fine.
Definitely consider this game before you turn it down purely because its M
swearing is not that bad neither is blood. if child has learnt about ww1 or 2 it should be fine
I believe he game Battlefield V can be used educationally as you can find out the names of weapons and vehicles like tanks and planes. For overall gameplay there isn’t a large amount of blood it seems under than that of Rainbow Six Siege and swearing is similar to Rainbow Six Siege, pretty much non existent. For some children they may be scared but if you can get them to watch any war related movies such likr Saving Private Ryan or books like War Horse and the Diary Of Anne Frank they won’t be scared unless someone call in a V-1 and you are left to run for your lives.
I think that this game is amazing the realism is crazy there is no blood or gores there is a F bomb here and there and also dead soldiers laying on the ground but if your kid is mature and loves history it is definitely appropriate so I think from ages 13+
This game missing super appropriate option, so Call of Duty Black Ops 4 has super appropriate option.
i think its a great game! The War stories are emotional but good. mulitiplayer is good too but just wish they'd add the japanese in it cause they were also the main enemy in WW2! but all and all this is a good game
Battlefield V is fine for a mature 11 year old . There is hardly any swearing and only a splat of blood. It is great for teaching you about the war and how people couldve felt. An overall thumbs up
This game is immersive beautiful and the campaign is brilliant . Overall this game should not be rated 17+ beacause the swearing in minimal and there is some to no amount of blood I rate this game 12+
It’s not really about how violent it is and how much curse words there are but it’s really about if a kid can understand it.First before you buy the game learn a lot about world war 2 then you relate to the topic of the game.It also depends how mature your child is.Their is a lot of cursing!Witch in my opinion doesn’t affect kids who are pretty mature.You may look at the rating and be like “OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS 17+ YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO PLAY IT!!!”This game is probably the best shooter game I’ve ever experienced so don’t think about the age or rating of the game think about your child:)
This game is the hot new thing right now and of course, all you parents out there turn to CSM for answers. But only your kids no that CSM is no use for a game like this and there I will gratefully help you. there is no filter because the is no gore at all, just red splashes. Secondly, the game really captures what these soilders had to sacrifice to surve their country, wich like any military shooter, will increase respect for veteran's. Third, not all of the game is shooter on ground combat. in fact, there is lot's of air combat wich does not even show blood in the game. Fourth, I know parents are asking, how much blood really is there. From long range you can barely see blood at all. sneak attacks, no gore and clean and quick, and don't gross it out. The only brutality shows no gore and the weapons there using are electric sticks. so there you go, if your child is ten and up, good buy.
This game contains blood when you get downed in multiplayer, (blood appears on your hands and arms, also blood surrounds your screen, and blood puddles) blood on your screen when injured, and blood on shooting enemies. You can shoot other people, use incedinary grenades to light enemies on fire, and use your usual grenade to explode your enemies. I don’t know about gore or language in single player, I haven’t played it yet. Language is present in some characters when they shout for help while downed, “I’m (cuss word) dying here medic!” Violence: 9 Blood and gore: 3 -Blood: 6 -Gore: ? (No gore in multiplayer, not sure about singleplayer.’ Nudity: 0 Horror: 0 (Concern for people with blood phobias on severity, it’s a 0 if you don’t have a phobia of guns, blood, heights (While jumping off a plane, or in high places.) Anyways, this is my review on this game, I recommend you play this if you enjoy games with war and first person shooters!
The game has blood and language but if you know what the words mean its ok
i like it a lot and it's super fun and if you think you or your child is mature enough then you can play it overall i think you need to know a bit about history to play great game 5 stars
You may thing it another kill the bad guys game but it is factually correct, woman did fight in WW2 (command example, Night Witches). I believe children will learn a lot about the people who gave there live for us and the hardship it took to make the future we have to day. Always remember a fallen soldier.
Parents shouldn’t only look at the age rating, they should watch some gameplay and decide can their child play it.
Not the greatest game out there, but it's fine, I guess
One of the best Indie games I have played!
Scare-tastic game with dark elements
Good horror game
GREAT GAME but...
A pretty cool game
Brilliantly scripted with tons of detail.
Why are these people giving it 18 and up! Why!!! It only has lots of jumpscares. And what do these parents have about jumpscares. The only sense of gore is when alice gets stabbed in the back, and when bendy rips of pulks head. But ever since it came out it has been very popular.
Such an amazing game, but not preferable for religious families
Cool!
Very fun but also scary puzzle game
My fave game!
Easily one of the best Indie games.
Good game, toxic fandom.
Not well for kids
GOOD GAME AND DOES NOT HAVE ANY BLOOD
Not that scary, decent puzzle game.
My Favorite game of all Time!
I became interested in the game back in 2017 when the game came out. It was a REALLY good game during that year. Any part of the game that was released last year, I don't like. You can still like it if you want. I'm just not the biggest fan of it. Oh, and parents letting 6 year olds play the game, WHY?! There are age ratings for a reason! Don't base your opinion off my review. I'm just a dumb teen who's been in the fandom for over two years now
The game is very interesting, the story makes you want more, and the graphics are very unique. I loved this game and suggest it to people who like games such as hello neighbor, and little nightmares. Here is a quick game description: You play as Henry, comming back to your old work place, which happens to be an old cartoon studio, when you get an invitation from your old boss, Joey Drew. As soon as you get there you find a mysterious machine, what does it do, well you will just have to play to the game to find out.... Honestly I love this game and want to see more of it! (Don't let me down Bendy and the Dark Revival) I should let you know that Henry does take the Lords name in vain a few times, but other then that there is little to no swearing.
This game was a very fun game. It was also very scary. The graphics aren’t supposed to look completely realistic, but the style of it is truly spectacular. The come comes with lots of scary elements, battles and destruction. Although it’s not ‘gory’ in a sense of blood, but as ink. So some creatures will scare you and gross you out. There’s not a lot of swears, Henry just says he’ll every so often. I think it has good role models because of Henry’s strength to not give up. Henry also aids Boris who was in need of help in Chapter 4. Overall, I’d say it just depends on the kid. If the kid is scared easily, then don’t get the game. But if you’re a fan if horror , this is for you.
While BATIM can be challenging at times, it shows kids to use their brain to solve problems and only at absolutely necessary use violence Violence - Hideously deformed figures, Jumpscares (although pretty obvious when they're going to happen), Satanic Rituals Language - Hell (on 3 occasions) Overall 10/10 great atmospheric puzzle game.
Wow, reading reviews suggesting this game to be 18+ has made me rage more then when I fail to fulfill the requirements to get the tommy gun. This game has some questionable themes but here is my review for Batim. *Spoiler Warning* Violence 6/10 The deaths in this game aren't to bad, but when more major characters die it's more violent, Alice Angel gets stabbed in the back, the the Projectionist gets their head ripped of, and Sammy Lawrence gets an axe in the back of the head. You use various weapons like led pipes, axes, plungers, wrenchs, syringes, and even a secret tommy gun. Swearing 4/10 Not much swearing, the occasional hell but not much. Satisim 6/10 In chapter one and two you see what looks like ritual circles, and in chapter two Sammy Lawrence attempts to sacrifice you to Bendy who he refers to as a god. Blood and gore 0/10 Notice the article says blood and gore, there is no blood and gore at all. Ink 6/10 Blood is replaced by ink when you kill (or attack) an enemy, when you get damaged ink covers the side of your screen. Horror 7/10 Jumpscares are scary in this game, some characters may scare more sensitive kids, like Bendy or the Projectionist. Overall rating 9/10
Ok I’m 13 and this game in my opinion is fun no sex no language some violence, but it’s not blood. So this game is good. My only thing is there is A LOT of satanic symbols and Alice angel, just her in general is satanic.
I personally really like the game. My parents don't allow me to play it, or even like it. I watched DanTDM play it and I loved it. I personally love the game. Shhh... don't tell my parents. :)
Wow. Where should I start? Bendy and the Ink Machine is a brilliant game with lots of effort put in. Hats off to you, Joey Drew. Spoilers in my review, beware. Chapter One: you receive a message from Mister Joey Drew asking you to look around the old animation studio where you work. Huh. Nothing too weird. Until you start up the ink machine. Oh. And beware spooky Bendy the Demon cut outs moving when your not looking. That too. If your a parent not okay with violence, I wouldn’t bother buying this. A ‘dead Boris’ can be found with his stomach slashed open and rib cages showing. Chapter Two: Oh boy. Parents, I suggest you be careful with buying this game for your kids. Tons of satanic stuff, yet nothing of the actual ‘satan’. Pentagrams on the walls. A ‘Lost One’, or a person made of ink, called Sammy Lawrence makes his appearance. He thinks that the monster version of Bendy, also known as Ink Bendy by fans, is a savior. Also, he tries sacrificing you to him. Sorta a biggie. Although it doesn’t work, you can hear Sammy getting demolished by Ink Bendy in the other room. And the chase is on! Ink Bendy begins chasing you until you come across a friendly wolf that will no doubt become your kid’s favorite character, Boris. Chapter 3: After leaving Boris’s shelter, you come across an elevator that takes you down to a new character, Alice Angel. Quite the devil, ironically. She’s the one who cut open all those Boris. Yeah, there’s more than one. Boris is a cartoon character made from ink, so makes sense there’s more than one, probably relating to that Ink Machine... To avoid even more spoilers and how long this review is, I’m going to end it here. All in all, you need to look out violence and satanism. Not much swearing, just things like ‘damn’ and ‘hell’. I hope this helped you decide!
And I think that bendy and the ink machine is O.K with all those jumpscares, but keep your child away from the wandering sin.
I have watched walkthroughs of Bendy and the Ink Machine and I love the story, the art style, and the frightening elements. The only thing I don’t like is the Satanic ritual symbols, the posters that say “Hell’s Kitchen” and “Just how the Devil likes it” and the part where ink people and Sammy Lawrence worship Bendy, who is a demon himself. So if you are Christian like me, or any other religious affliction, but you really like this game, I suggest covering your eyes and ears when these things are present ( they’re not present for the whole game, you know)
This is very cool game. It can be scary and lot of jump scare, (Like scary alice angel popping up from movie screen) but there also some violence. No blood just ink. It have things like attacking monster with axe, and there is Pentagram in it. Also Satanic ritual. Someone dead on wooden strapped plank. End has scary beast Bendy. But cool game!
The game follows Henry as he wanders around and abandoned workshop. There are a handful of jumpscares in each chapter, none of which are to scary. The game is mostly about solving puzzles as you try to escape the workshop. Some violence, none of it is gory. A really fun game and I'd recommend this to any teenager.
This game is DEFINETELY NOT FOR CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 12. The entire concept is that you are an animator who receives a letter from an old friend who wants to show you something back at 'the old workshop'. The game progresses in 5 chapters, however the story gets darker by each chapter and creates more question, the only scary parts are in chapters 3,4 and 5. There are many violent segments such as an axe in someone's head, but people on here may rate it an 18+ due to the words hell and damn being used, and satanic symbols but overall, suitable for anyone 12+
Bendy and the Ink Machine is a puzzle action horror game that I adore. It has amazing graphics, a deep storyline, and plenty of twisted characters. However, it’s not for everyone. It’s full of jump scares, and intense sequences. As for violence, it’s not as bad as people make it seem. There is no actual gore, or even blood. It’s all ink. A character is stabbed in the back, and another has their head torn off, but neither of these are too graphic. There is no sex or nudity whatsoever. Language is also not too bad, with a few uses of “hell”, and “damn”, but that’s it. Overall, Bendy and the Ink Machine is an amazing game, definitely worth checking out sometime.
I edited this review after I got older. The gameplay can be a bit creepy, which is why it’s mostly suitable for kids 11+ instead of 9+, and the fandom just... ruined my childhood. This was my childhood when I was 9, when I turned 10 I realized how toxic the fandom was.
Ok, Bendy and the ink machine is a really hardcore game, it talk about pentagrams possesion and other stuff, i really think that is really a good game but is just not ok for minus 10 years old, also the internet is strange if you have a kid i recommend you dont search bendy in internet,well bendy fanfics, IT IS MORE SCARIER THAN THE GAME
I have played this, it is a good game. It depends on what you are scared of, it can be scary at times.
Best game ever! Because it doesn't have blood, just ink, even the ink demon is Soo cool. And Sammy Lawrence, In chapter 5 Sammy Lawrence killed by Tom, And fight the searchers together!! AWESOME!
1. The game is not that scary, so I think its ok for kids 9+ 2. The game is a puzzle game, but the puzzles aren't that hard.
This is my favorite game of all time! The story and gameplay are amazing! The characters are also great, Henry being my favorite with Shawn Flynn in a close second. When it comes to horror this game has jumpscares everywhere. There is no blood but you will jump. You have to kill ink creatures with pipes and axes but there is no blood, just ink. A character is stabbed with a sword in chapter four however. There are some other things like finding dead boris the wolves in certain places and the lost souls might scare younger players. The hallway part in chapter four is especially creepy. However, there is no language, or drugs. This game is great! I highly reccomend!
