For a mature 11
It's okay...
Sorry I had to do that, nice hat though.
Good Game
Very Strange.
It’s spooky
This is a good game
Good game
not scary at all
Great, though can be uncomfortable in certain views.
ONE OF THE BEST HORROR GAMES , BUT A LITTLE BIT ANNOYNG!
an amazing game
Awesome Game, But check it out first!
Game contains some content that is teen material.
good introduction to horror games
BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best indie horror game ever!
An Amazing and Well-written Horror Adventure Game!
My fav horror game!
This game is great but can be violent. It does not have blood but ink. ‘Hell’ and ‘Damn’ are used on two occasions. So preview it first but it’s a great game.
It has jumpscares and hardly any feeling to it, plus there are some glitches.
I sure had a GREAT time playing this game! There is no blood just ink. Honestly some people think this is 14 and up but it really isn't. As long as your kid won't have nightmares, it's good to go!
Okay. SO I would call this game a thriller rather than horror. The theme is dark, and theres a couple jumpscares, but it's not that bad. If your a younger kid reading this, or a parent with a younger kid I would recommend waiting til their older than 12 because of the concept. Nothing to do with maturity, just that im 14 and the concept still is a little hard to grasp. Because it's not supposed to make sense. And theres a lot of information, and side-stories you have to know before you get whats going on. But i played this when I was 13 and just replayed it again and got a lot more stuff. When I was younger, like 10 or 11 I used to watch people on YouTube play it, and I was never phased, and I never tAlKeD aBoUt the devil or killing people or whatever, it just really depends on the kid. Overall it's an amazing game I've played it a lot. I would recommend after you play it you check out Super Horror Bro on youtube, he has a large collection of concept videos on this game, and theory videos about the new game :)
I just started this game and I am up to the part before the Bendy jump scare in chapter 1 the animation is so amazing and I give this 7+ for people who don't cuss and don't get spoiled easily otherwise this is for 9+ this is a good game for children. This is very easy to use on PS4. The puzzles keep your child thinking and there is violence and language (I saw gaming videos). A very good thinking game for children (hint for the game: If ur having trouble finding the cogwheel in chapter 1 it is in the ink machine room
this game is very scary, exceptional graphics and even the game with more references to demons.
The game itself isn’t that scary, but the backstory is.
*Spolier warning ahead! I think that the expert's review on the violence is over the top. When Alice Pendel kills bad alice there is no gore no gushing blood or in this case ink only a stain and choughing. and the part with the axe i also think is bad because no gore no brains on the axe or spurrting ink. And we/ the fan base know that Hennry is a good guy because at the end of chapter 5 Joey tells the player that he had pushed him to do the right thing I.E Joey was the bad guy and Henry had been the good guy. Also brute Boris just has pipes in him no violent gore. I also read the review on stranger things and there was way more details on the violence than bendy and it was given 3 out of 5 violence dots. Also another problem with the review is that Undertale a way more violent game in both the fan art and game is given one violence dot. A really big problem with the expert review is that destroying monsters is not a good think to do. And the review is also pretty much saying that self-defence is bad because you use the weapons for self-defence. . But the game is one of the best games I have played.
This a reasonable game few jumps cares there is no blood or gore and the story line gets u hooked but if the player is easily scared don't play Oh and parents complaining that their 7 year old was playing it and was scared or whatever maybe don't let them play a T rated ya,e
i like roleplaying bendy but i don't really like this game at all its supposed to be a "horror" game but it isn't scary it has really smalll language
Personally its a great game! Nice game, nice plot twist too! Though has a lot of satanic things in it. Really depends if your old enough for it. I personally got scared of bendy, and his cutouts when I got introduced to the game. But depends on age mostly!
i think this game is super!
i know people might not agree with but that's im giving this a 10+ rating because even do there is some pentagrams and dead characters it isn't terrefying and brutal.the reason im giving this a 10+ is that there is some scenes of murder,stabbings,punches and pantagrams.a really good horror game ! recommended
The Game is great if you like horror and thriller and survival games. Kids younger than 10 though should ask first. Violence: Satanic Rituals, Reference to demon, Death, Swear words like H**&amp; D**&amp; and P**^ but, It is a great game in general. I definitively like it
Hello. I am DevilGamer, and I will be helping you decide on whether Bendy and the Ink Machine is ok for your kids/tweens. I first started playing BATIM (Bendy and the Ink Machine) in 2017, and I’ve been playing it ever since. The game does contain mild to moderate violent material/violence, brief mild language, brief sequences of Satanism, and horror/terror material. Here is a short, and brief description of the full game (created by me) In a cartoon studio overrun by ink creatures, you step into the shoes of Henry Stein, a retired lead animator, when you get a mysterious invitation from your past co-worker, Joey Drew. But as you return, you notice something is wrong with this new ‘ink machine’. Venture deep into the studio to uncover the secrets behind this twisted cartoon nightmare. FACTORS: Violence: No surprises here, violence is mild to moderate and cartoonish; Henry slices ink creatures with household weapons, brief sequence involving a character getting stabbed in the head with an axe, a character getting impaled through the chest with a sword and a character getting his head ripped off by Bendy, the ink demon. These are cartoonish in nature, but somewhat brutal. Blood: There is no blood/gore involved in the game, however the “ink” in the game is suggested as blood, but unrealistic. Ink appears throughout; ink monsters appear out of ink puddles and ink drips off of walls/ceilings. Explicit Language: Mild language; Henry and characters say “hell” infrequently, Joey Drew in cassette tapes says “damn” two times, and a character says “piss” once. Sexual Content: None. Suggestive Content: None. Satanism: Brief Satanism throughout Chapter Two; a Pentagram is seen briefly at the beginning of Chapter Two, and to the end of the chapter. There is no Satanism involved after Chapter Two though. Horror/Fear Content: Moderate to severe amounts of horror and fear; Bendy appears at random in Chapter Three, Bendy chases the player through Chapter Two through Five (and then Bendy kills the player if not hidden in a Little Miracle Station; Bendy kills the player and presumably eats him), characters including Sammy Lawrence, Alice Angel, and ‘The Ink Demon’ Bendy may be frightening to children/tweens. Substance Use: None. SUGGESTED AGE LEVELS: Violence : 13+ Blood : 12+ Explicit Language : 7+ Sexual Content : Not Present Suggestive Content : Not Present Substance Use : Not Present Satanism : 12+ Horror/Fear Content : 14+ The game is overall suitable for horror fans that are tweens (12+), and if that is too early, the game is best suitable for 13+. It also depends on your kids (e.g.: if they have high anxiety, then look deeper into the game via finding gameplays on YouTube, or play it yourself before you let your 12 year old play). The minimal suggested age for this game is 10+ (according to me), and if the game is too intense/scary for 10, then go to 12. If you feel that the game contains unsuitable material and content, then go to 13+. In my opinion, the ESRB didn’t include all the content that is included in the game. Actual ESRB Rating: T (Teen 13+) for “Violence” Suggested ESRB Rating (from me): T (Teen 13+) for “Violence, Mild Language” The PEGI also gave the game a 12 rating, which is equivalent to a Rated T rating from the ESRB. PEGI rated “BATIM” 12 for “violence”. Again, the rating should be fixed to 12 for “violence, bad language”. Common Sense Media did the right thing on this one. The game is minimally ok and suitable for 12+ As for a critic’s review, I give it a 10/10. The game is pretty fun, however it would be better if the character (Henry) could run faster from threats such as ink monsters, Sammy Lawrence, Alice Angel, and ‘Bendy’ the Ink Demon.
bendy is a first person horror game with a few jumpscares but not that scary of a game the game's story is you get invited to your work by your old friend joey drew but then its gets more spooky as you go threw the game bendy is a good kid friendly horror game
this is the best game i wrote a document on bendy and what it was like for me. i hope everyone agrees too : ). ps can i work there too when im older
This game is amazing but definitely for older kids as they talk about demons and possessed souls. It is a little bit violent, some mild language. Henry is a very brave hero so I guess he’s a good role model but that’s up to you.
I love this game so much! It has a very consistent and mysterious storyline that leaves fans coming back for more. I myself have played and replayed this game over 14 times, and I enjoy it everytime, and wind up finding something new! The voice acting and the art style is amazing as well! However, beware parents, there is some mild violence, cursing (hell and damn), and some actions and characters that may be seen as disturbing to younger kids. I would say this game is for 13 and up, but there are many, many mature 12 year olds out there (I started playing in December of 2018 when I was 12) so I believe they would take it well!
Bendy and the Ink Machine is a great game! I recommend that parents shouldn't be too strict about playing this. However, your child should be mature to handle some parts, such as a deceased Boris clone, Alice Angel's rituals, and collecting inky hearts. Overall, it is a great game!
good game
THE BEST GAME EVER
Great horror game but scarier that you would think
Scary action
Amazing gameplay that gives a thrill all the way through
Really good
A must play!
It's a bit scary...
Amazing, but sort of not for kids.
Really good!
BEST GAME EVER
THIS GAME IS AMAZING
amazing
Could be viewed a sacreligious? I'm honestly not sure what qualifies as sacreligious.
awesome!
Amazing!!!
Honestly,
Not like they say
The best game EVERRRRRR!!!!!
The perfect spook for older kids
It has violence but it's protecting yourself violence it has some kind of bad words like [email protected]%n and h$%l.
AWESOME
I bought this game when I was 10 and found it SO scary I couldn’t even play. A year later I came back to the game and it was amazing but so scary l. Don’t play this game thinking it’s a horror for kids it was the first horror game I ever played and it was more than scary.
Some mild language. Disturbing and bloody filled with spooks. And evil people WTH ink. And some violent scenes. But nostalgic.
The gameplay of the game is overall not too hard, and is not gore nor horrifying. In my personal opinion, it’s more adventurous than scary. But it is good to discuss with your child first, as the game does include a wolf like ink character that’s body is cut open, (no gore shown, just a black body with a black indent) and it may be scary for sensitive children. The jumpscares are brief, and if the ink demon (Bendy) catches you, you simply respawn through a tunnel of ink. To make it easier for your child, there are ways to complete the game with more ease, wether it be hiding in a “little miracle” (boxes that Henry, AKA you, hide in when Bendy is near or health is running low.) As there is one character (Alice Angel) who gets stabbed because a character saves you from her trying to attack you, ink is just shown where the stab is. As for the character with the axe to his head, (Sammy Lawrence), th axe shoes no gore or mark whatsoever as Sammy Lawrence’s appearance is ink in human form. As for Bendy, sensitive viewers may find him scary, but I am sensitive myself, and what I told myself was if he gets you, you respawn. He’s not real. Not suggested to play at night for sensitive viewers as this may lead to trouble sleeping due to the fact your heart pumps throughout the game. Another sensitive thing (more so for parents) is that on the floor, there is occasionally a demon ritual inked on the floor, but it mainly marks the chapter is over/ started, as the character faces flashbacks when he steps on it. No audible action is heard during this cutscene. Ink monsters that look human come from the ground and attack you, but since violence is sometimes necessary, you simply whack the monster and it disappears. More of a strategy game, as you collect items to advance through, only attacking monsters if they provoke you. Ink dripping and flooding rooms may also make some sensitive. The wolf creature is later introduced as Boris, a protagonist until Alice Angel “modifies” him to be like a boss fight. Same for bendy, as in chapter five, he is the “final boss.” A phenomenal game, with a little twist to the animation studio and the story of Bendy, and great for people trying out new kinds of games. This was the first horror game I ever played, and I loved every bit of it.
I reckon 12 and up
This game is phenomenal the style of the game is beautiful however don’t let its design fool you this game is quite dark in chapter 3 you walk across a pit and you see the character boris the wolf dead on with his chest open if your child is mature then this is a must play
It has some jumpscares,but it has really good animations,good music production and very realistic!
I absolutely loved this game, it's story kept me on edge, and I'm sure to buy the newest game once it comes out, but even though this masterpiece has got to be my favorite game of all time, it's just not really for kids. Even though I played this when I was 12, and am being a bit hypocritical, I really think it should be for teenagers 13+ for several reasons. As the game's description implies, it's an old cartoony-style horror game that does in fact involve many consecutive heart pounding suspenseful moments, and jumpscares that made me scream out loud. It made me want to keep playing forever and throw the controller on the floor at the same time. This game is also linked with satanic rituals, except instead of satanic worshipping, it is the worship of this cartoon character called bendy who is a demon made of ink, so for those religious families, it's pretty sacreligious. Even the overall appearance of some characters is enough to give younger children nightmares. Alice angel, mutilated Boris, the Butcher Gang enemies, and Ink Bendy are all nightmare-worthy. So only if you think you can handle these things would I recommend it to you. If you have anxiety, epilepsy, a history of panic attacks, or depression, please don't play this game.
It’s a good game and I love it!, but it has some things like a little satanism.. such as a pentagram, but it’s a bendy-face instead of a star. And bendys basically a demon. -point is make sure your kids know about satanism- and it’s a little scary, such as jump scares! But hey it’s a really good game I love it and I do a lot of fanart for it! But don’t let your kids go into the fandom some of it is very bad.. and last, it says “hell” two times in chapter 2. So beware that it’s not ok for kids under 10!
IIt is SUPER GOOD! I based my username on it because I LOVED IT!
Its kinda scary. But its probably one of my fave games. There's nothing bad. Just kinda odd at some points.
Bendy and the ink machine is good for kids like me who likes a good bit of horror but not to much. There are 2 jumpscares in the game that take you by surprise in chapter 1 and chapter 3 but the rest are predictable and good. Great game, Y'all should play it. Also, Sammy lawrence is a good role model cause he shows that it's okay to be yourself.
I'm not exactly sure how to feel about this game. On one hand, this is a very good horror game, especially for people who are new to the genre. On the other hand BATIM could be viewed as sacreligious. I'm not exactly sure what happens but *SPOILER ALERT* I'm pretty sure you find Boris (your sweet, compassionate sidekick,) cut open and experimented on for who knows what. I'm only into the game to about season three, (or four? I lost track.) but I've heard some rumors of satanic rituals. in later chapters, though I'm not sure if they are, well, realistic. ALSO Alice angel is nightmare fuel, Plain and simple.
BATIM is a very good game but ink bendy, alice angel and sammy laurence just makes it not for kids.
I love this game and think that anyone who can handle the content (even upper elementary kids) can play this game! I only use age ratings to see whats in the game. I think as long as they aren't paranoid or reenacting scenes in real life after playing the game, anyone can play it. The shooter game in chapter 4 can be pretty frustrating though, especially on a console.
people will definitely think that the age is too low but honestly, it depends on how they can handle the jump scares. I was looking for scary games and I found it and honestly, great plot line, and its just a scare and the player is not scarred. They just come and go.
This game's perfect for your kid if they like adventure/horror. Not satanic, bendy isn't the devil (yes, he is a demon), and no blood, but ink. The story is engaging and will open up creativity, and the ending is full of questins for you to answer. Recommend!
i think this game is amazing and everybody should play it.
Let’s just say “creepy rituals and being chased by strange looking monsters make from ink”. BATIM has the perfect level of horror and the perfect level of adventure for the young ones. The biggest shock is that you can see into the guts and flesh of one of the characters at the beginning, middle and end what is pretty disturbing. Other than a sword being put through someone and someone’s head being torn off it’s a pretty cool story with a bit of spook throughout.
