it’s scary but not too scary
Terrifying , tense, amazing graphics and brilliant color scheme.
A bit boring
Awesome for Everyone!
Fun, horror game with a few jumpscares, no major scares.
It’s kinda scary but it’s nothing awful. It has a great story it’s an amazing puzzle game with well thought out characters and a scary twist on nostalgic cartoony games. Its a great game which kept me entertained for hours on end!!
GAME: The game-play and storyline of this game is phenomenal, but everything gets way scarier once you start Chapter 3. It gets way more tense, jumpy, and terrifying. Some parts I even had to pause the game to recollect myself. This game does a great job of playing with your fear and skill. The only part of this game that I don't like is that Henry (your character) runs and walks very slow, the creatures and monsters can lap you. It is also annoying when the Ink Demon of Projectionist, or other monsters are near and there are no places to hid, so you have to run and find one (very slowly) and you will walk into dead ends and then die because you are panicking. There are a LOT of jumpscares, that is mostly why it is rated teen, due to the jump scares and scariness of it all. And since there are only 2 colors in this game, there is no blood, and when you kill monsters they just turn into ink. The story line is amazing and freaky, with everything that happens make everything more eerie for the next chapters. I also wish there were more chapters because you can beat this in 2 days if you spend the whole day(s) playing this, considering there are only 5 chapters. There are plot twists and things you never expect to see coming. GRAPHICS/SOUND: The music of this game is perfect and eerie, making the atmosphere even more freaky. The visuals and graphics of this game are absolutely outstanding, with everything looking like it is hand-drawn and being 3D at the same time. The color scheme is perfect, with the black and different shades of black and gold. The voice actors are perfect for everything, especially Alice Angel who has a terrifyingly beautiful voice. OVERALL: Despite some minor flaws, this game is brilliant and terrifying, with a complex, but not too confusing storyline. This game is pretty scary though, with just the atmosphere and not to mention millions of animated jumpscares. But this game is not just about jump scares, again the story line is amazing, and it is full of puzzles and battles. I recommend this for ages 12 and up, due to the scariness of it. I do not get scared of horror movies and other things like that, but for this, you are in control and this game is basically reminiscent of a nightmare. Depending how you child can handle scariness, they could play at 11 or even 10 but nothing under 10, it will give them nightmares for weeks. FINAL RATING: 4.50/5
I would never play this game again it is just god awful
I need families to know that this is a perfectly fine game. It is engaging, but not addictive, and you are encouraged to use your brain! There is NO SATANISM!!!!! It’s Bendyism! This will not mess up your kid! I personally watched a full playthrough when I was 10, I was fine. So, even though that is my opinion, there is one thing that could scare your child. There is a very hard bossfight in Chapter Five, and it may cause your child to ragequit. The scene with the ritual, kids and teen will get mildly scared, but they won’t even understand half of it! He doesn’t kill you, and when he screams, it is very cliche, which may cause yout teen or child to laugh! Overall, it is fine. Trust me
I would say this is suitable for people around the age of 10 to 11 and plus, as it may be a horror game, however it's a very cartoony and well, not very scary game. The whole art style is fun and takes away from the horror vibe and all the jumpscares are quite tame and not anything that would keep your kids up at night.
Teens should need to have some physical experience before playing this.
I would Let a toddler play this!
REALLY GOOD JUST BUY IT TRUST ME IF You DONT WHATS WRONG WITH. You
Amazing, but don't bother buying the other songs.
SPECTACULAR game, added up some ages due to flashing lights
Very good game!
Amazing extremely fun Sci-Fi music arcade game
Great game that is super fun
One of my favorite VR games
Good game
A Great Family Title
It's fun and a good exercise.
Pc version has more stuff, not fair for ps4 players
Beat Saber, a Phenomenon all Over YouTube
I recommend this to be for teens because it’s a lot of kids to handle physical wise. Some levels can be hard but it’s one heck of a work out.
Any child can play this game, you are literally just dancing/hitting digital blocks with lightsabers! The music has no cursing in it, and no violence or multiplayer mode is present!
This game is amazing! There's no violence, but the only way you can "die" is to go in laser walls and touch bombs. If you want more songs, try modding the game. I know it's going against what the developers want you to play. but you can play custom songs without having to buy. On twitter, they always tease "CuStOm SoNg UpDaTe CoMiNg SoON" so it's better to not wait. It's also very easy to play and i'm already on expert+ songs! Buy this NOW. Don't regret it.
Probably one of the best VR games ever. Very good workout, amazing song layouts and gameplay, but heres a problem for young children, flashing lights. Not hard to fix, but it might be big for youngies (aka, zen alpha's). Personally my only problem, for the other time, a very fun time.
This game is enjoyable, I couldn't drop playing it for hours a day! It is also a very good workout if you play some of the harder levels. With the new multiplayer mode you can now compete against other players to get the better score making it more fun!
Parents need to know that Beat saber is a popular music car game on almost every vr system (I am not talking about phone vr I mean like vive, oculus rift, oculus quest, PSVR .etc). The game is about you wielding light sabers and cutting music blocks which make music and you can hit them to real music. So there are many extra music albums you can buy and really good songs that will make you want to buy them. But you can also play online songs that other people make and you can make them but you need a PC. This is a Sci-Fi music game we’re you have lightsabers and hit music blocks so the blades cut through the blocks but it is never made to be violent just like a drums with a Sci-Fi feel to it. Some extra songs may have suggestive lyrics but most likely you will know what song you are playing before you play it. One album called extras shows a lady with barely a shirt on so you may come across that and also other people may make suggestive titles and pictures to represent the song. The game is extremely fun and entertaining for all ages and is one of the most successful and fun VR game. But also note that the VR system isn’t recommended for every day use by kids under 12 due to technology issues to the eyes. Also there are lots of colors and flashing lights in the game. This doesn’t mean younger kids can’t play but just be aware and maybe not the best choice for every day use.
The base game of beat saber is super fun on its own but if you want to expand the song library there are many options, the main way is to buy music packs, but a second way is to mod the game, (this can't be done on the PSVR version, and while it is possible on the Oculus Quest version it is against the TOS so do it at your own risk but if you are using the Steam VR version or Oculus Rift version this is allowed (both are playable on quest with a good enough PC)) this means that you can have an infinite amount of extra (free) content to play. You can also get custom sabers menu titles and lots more. This is a must buy for any VR headset. Note: I put 5 and up because the game is appropriate for a 5 year old and they should be able to play it, but VR in general can be bad for younger people so make sure you pay attention to any warning labels that come with your headset.
Amazing gameplay even though it's really simple. The custom maps are a good thing to now officially support. Honestly would have down at 5+ if VR was healthy to use with people under 12, but all hardware manufacturers say young kids shouldn't play so that's why it's 12+.
Love the range of music
Been a Vr user for about a year now. Beat Saber is a must-have for any family. It's full of fun songs, addictive gameplay, and a concept that is easy to play, but difficult to master. The game is very movement-based, so it is a fantastic way to stay active in some way.
Once you get the hang of it, you can easily play it and also it can help you exercise. It doesn't matter if you're not good enough; you can practice and go try campaign mode.
Beat Saber, an incredibly popular rhythm game made for PS VR. The game is very simple, its a rhythm game where you hit cubes that are coming towards yourself in the correct way to continue a streak. You use your head to dodge red walls that will end your streak, and that's pretty much it. You can select tons of songs as well. The game is for 11 yrs and up because I feel that the VR will make children under 11 nauseous and the headset may be too big. For children under 9 (if you can get the headset to fit) will have a hard time getting the timing, as they may be distracted by other things. Besides that, the game is very optimized for every age over 11. The game is fun, and a cool party game.
Game about racing and violence
The game is about racing others and basically sabotaging your opponents by kicking or hitting them off their bikes with a weapon, although the game doesn't show any blood (I don't think) they still show the victim being hit off their bike, and the game is still quite twisted in the way that the whole plot is just racing &amp; attacking other racers.
A fun life simulation game
BEST. GAME. EVER!!!
It's a great game!
Amazing game
awesome
This game is AWESOME. The sims 4 is a huge life simulation game with an amazing gameplay and a wide range of options. This game is kinda inappropriate, there are some suggestive themes, some sexual themes, and some drinking, (the nudity is blurred), but other than that, it is a kid friendly game that allows you to create a family, houses, and even neighborhoods. There's even more to that, you can post your creations for others to download, favorite and comment on. When you first buy the game, it starts you out with basic clothing, furniture, etc. But you can also buy expansion, game, and stuff packs to improve your experience. The expansion packs will give you the option to let your sim go to university, go through seasons, or even become a vampire. The base game, and packs are pretty expensive, but the worlds and families you create have endless possibilities, so I would say it's worth it :D
I've only been playing The Sims 4: Get Famous for three days now. And I've learned so much. It's gives positive messages, plus it's super fun. There isn't any sex. Although, you have the ability to go dates and nudity is not shown. You're able throw parties, go to parties. And there is mild violence.
@LindaS.'s right, the original game of The Sims 4 has lots of sex or (their term of sex) "woo-hoo". But Get Famous is basically about finding your path in fame. And it gives a really good message.
the sims 4 is awesome and everything to go with it too
Like Horribal Historys
(I Think I Spelled Horrible Wrong) This Game IS Soo Good And I Have A Switch But There's Not Many Games I Have (Only Two) But Its Good
Great concept - disturbing amount of hate speech
Bruh
Very addictive game
Good Game
Bad animation, terrible drawing graphix, scary for 10 under.
Toxic Community, Good Game
An imposter is Among us
This is an AWESOME game to play with friends.
Among us review
Too Many Glitches/Hackers
Great game
great!
Amazing!
So good!!!
Yall extra....
Awesome
my kids play it every day after school fisrt thing they say mommy its Among us time
Best game
Great game but not so great chat
fun game but just put on chat censor
Hi! If you are looking at this app to download for a kid under 14- don’t. I have no idea why it is rated 9+, the chat filter in terms of swearing is already lax, and you can turn it off very easily, with the click of a button. It still allows users to use the n word and many other horrible hateful words, completely uncensored. I was appalled when I joined a server and saw users using this kind of language. With the anonymity the app gives you (I.e. not being able to friend people or direct message) it gives people a bit too much confidence. I am flabbergasted at the rating for this app, and I ask the developers to change the chat filter so that the n word and the f slur are filtered out and kick the player out of their server immediately when used. I think they have a great game concept on their hands, the anonymity can be fun and freeing, it would be a shame for the app to turn into such a hotspot of hate. To parents, I would say to consider if your child should be having this app, educate them on the language, why it might be harmful to people, and show them how to handle a situation they see. It can be a super fun app, and there are options where they can only play with friends rather than strangers, but still, be cautious and stay aware. I will also note that the common sense review is two years old, therefore the game has changed a ton since it was written. There are now full chat options, entirely unmoderated. There are also tons of people saying sexually explicit and quite frankly disgusting things. You may also encounter lots of people sharing private information such as social media accounts, which you should NEVER do with a stranger, specifically in apps like Snapchat where messages and images they might send will immediately dissapear.
I see so many parents saying the chat is bad. That there are people saying bad stuff. That is true, however, in the settings there is a censor chat switch. If you click that then any bad stuff in the chat will show up as ***** so you are good to go. About the game among us. It is a great game where there are 5-10 players in each game. 1-3 of these players are impostor that go around killing the crew mates. That might sound bad but it is a very kid friendly game. There is no blood and the killing is goofy. Anyway, the crew mates try to find out who the impostors are and they vote people off. If the crew mates vote off all of the impostors then they win! But if the impostors kill all of the crew mates then they win! The crew mates have to do tasks around the space ship so that is another way to win. It is a great game and it’s one of my favorites. It is technically mafia but it is better.
This game is great for older kids because there is a lot of swearing in the chat if censored chat is off. Overall, GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is super fun, and I play it a lot. I feel like it's for older kids because there's violence, and blood (one of the objectives of the imposter is to kill all of the crewmates) but it's not super graphic. Also, there is a chat, but it can be censored. It's all around a good game.
Among Us is a game of teamwork, and betrayal. Some crewmates with bad animation dressed up with NASA suits, with backpacks have to complete tasks to takeoff. But before they do that, they have to find and track down the Impostor. The Crewmates... The crewmates have to do specific tasks all the time, in other to takeoff in a ship. They have the buttons: *Report *Use The crewmates are basically innocent people doing tasks. The Impostor(s)... The Impostor has to kill all the crewmates with a killing animation in other to win the game (that is what removes a star from my rating.) When the crewmates get killed by the Impostor, on their screen, they see either: *The Impostor stabbing a knife on their back severally *The Impostor turning the Crewmate's head around *The Impostor colliding his head with the Crewmates on the floor, then shooting the crewmate This is the Impostor's buttons on screen: *Kill *Report *Sabotage The "sabotage" means that the impostor can break the lights, or make the crewmates screen red for a cooldown. You can see the rest of how to play when you see Among Us' instructions on how to play. Also, Common Sense is wrong. Among us is not only on windows, but mobile. It is free on mobile. My point: Among us is very dreading. Especially when it comes to catching the Impostor(s). There are specific colors crewmates can use. There is also a lobby where players join, game menus, private servers, etc. All I'm saying is it is bad for 10- under. If YOU are a nine year old, thinking you can man up to this game, and when you play it, and when the impostor stabs you on the back, you'll be crying to your parents. DONT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE 10 UNDER. P.S.: Common Sense is kinda right, because windows doesn't give among us a free lunch, so it does cost some money on windows. IT IS STILL ON MOBILE THOUGH. FOR FREE. FOREVER. Oh yeah, there is a new map coming. It will be bigger than Polus.
This is a pretty good game, some graphics, but the community is very toxic. It does not even censor all the chat. It also has in game purchases, and may be violent sometimes. Anyways, it sharpens you detective skills, or deceiving skills... MUAHAHAHAHA. But I think the Roblox version may have a more filtered community. The Roblox version is titled "Impostor [Beta]" by Arcade Rockstar. I am a great fan of this game, and I prefer the app for the graphics and tasks, but prefer the Roblox for a kid friendlier community. Also make sure kids do not use their names or give out sensitive information.
It was just a regular weekend. I was scrolling through the different videos on YouTube, but nothing seemed interesting. I had watched all the recommendations, except 1. This video on the plot and lore for a game called “Among Us.” I clicked on the video and was fascinated. Among Us is an online game social deduction game. You really should play the extremely popular game and fun of Among Us. The sounds and audio in Among Us enhances the mood and playing experience of the game. It makes the game more realistic and more enjoyable. Even though 1 of the 3 types of controls in Among Us are less than ideal, overall the controls of this game and simple and easy to use. There are 3 types of controls, touch (on mobile), joystick (on mobile), and keyboard (PC). Rated in order from worst to best. As soon as you start playing Among Us, you will find that the graphics and art style of this game are beautiful. The characters may be simple but there are a lot of custom accessories to allow your character to be unique. Next time you are bored, with nothing to do except scroll through YouTube or Netflix, contact your friends or go on a public lobby and play Among Us. To play the extremely well-known game and entertaining game of Among Us will be extremely fun. Ironically, Among Us brings people together. You really should play it.
This game is about spacemen, and 1,2,or 3 are impostors. There is little violence in this game. The controls are easy. It's Paid for Pc but its free for android and ios. If your play on a pubic server, people might curse on chat, but luckily they have a censor chat setting, and its automatically set on. Keep in mind you can purchase hats, skins (clothes) and pets, so be careful on letting a child with no concept of money buy it. This game is great! I highly recommend.
Among us is a great game! Here's why: - Among us is a game about lying and manipulation which is a very creative concept and original. -The death animations are outstanding. Not too much gore and they are only strokes of a red coloured pencil when the impostor kills someone. Here are some death animations you might receive in the game: Getting knifed, impaled, shot, but they are only on the screen for a few seconds and i don't think a 9-13 year old will find this as "too much gore!" I'm sick of families saying that there's too much language. of course IT IS AN ONLINE GAME. WHAT WOULD YOU EXPECT? Not everyone doesn't swear online. You can always turn on. And when you first start up among us it's literally on. Unless your child is curious and just turned it off. Conclusion: It's a great game! And not too much gore to be a murder mystery type of game. :D
Honestly, this game is good for pre-teens and up, but there are some horrible people that play the game. In my experience, I’ve had these situations happen: •Someone asked if others were a girl, then when someone said yes, they asked to go out with them. Online daters are all over this game now. •The game got hacked and showed defeat over and over with no proof of it being a loss. Hackers just want to up their stats, so they make the game get all weird. •Hosts of rooms can ban you literally any time they want in the lobby. I’ve seen hosts being racist and banning people for no reason. •People say their age and stuff in the chat. This is upsetting. Completely upsetting. •There is another app called Discord where people team up in calls and cheat. This makes it hard for others to win. This is so unfair. Yeah this game can get nasty, but the concept is fun and exciting. Also, there’s a little bit of blood and spiky tongues shooting in eyes, but nothing too bad.
This is a great game! Personally speaking, swearing does occur but if you turn on filters it's a lot better, of course people will bypass the system but you can ignore them or vote them out as you can only type in the waiting room or when discussing/voting. Since this game is playable with friends if you play with friends usually swearing/sexual references are less common and if you are the host you can kick or ban them. The violence is pretty basic, limited blood and killing, but if the lights are off it can be scary if you are killed. The killing animations can also be scary to kids, but they are also quick and cartoonish. This game also teaches manipulation/lying if you are the imposter, so if you are a parent worried about this, you could always monitor your child playing or make sure they aren't the imposter, this is a fun part of the game however. All in all, this is a great party game for tweens and teens and it's fun to play with friends.
this game it’s really fun, it’s a game we’re you complete tasks, try not to get murdered, and get rid of the imposter. or maybe you’ll be the imposter. there’s no gore and it’s all simple cartoons. the only bad thing is there’s lots of swearing and inappropriate things that are said/can be said in the chat. if you are worried about that you can always put on the chat block.
This game is great. I really love this game. It is amazing and very fun. It has violence and horror themes but it is enjoyable.
Lol the game isnt even bad. If your child is sensitive to that kind of stuff like a public chat then I understand 100%. These parents got me dead, dead like a cockroach.
If you're kid wants to play this you should let them you can turn off swearing and blood and chose to play with friends instead of strangers though you should still have them sit where you can see them while playing just to be cautious. And don't let them give out information
you should let your kids play
This game increases your IQ Really fun Although people can say bad words in the chat, you can censor the chat. When you get killed, it shows a clip of you getting killed, it can be in different ways but its not scary at all, whenever someone gets killed you can see the body in half with the bone sticking out, and whenever you see the imposter killing someone, there is some blood spurt... But anyways, IT'S A REALLY GOOD GAME AND YOU SHOULD GET IT
If your a kid under 10 looking to download this game then my advice is talk to your parents first because although the game is fine for most ages the chat can be not so great here is some information on the game: Violence 5/10: The aim of the game is if your imposter your goal is to sabotage and kill everyone if you kill someone there are multiple different ways to kill them (stabbing them through the eyes, pushing them over then shooting them, twisting the neck till it breaks, and punching them) these ways don’t look to frightening, after you kill them they fall over and look like coloured hams with one big bone sticking out but not to scary as it is extremely cartoonish Sex 6/10: This is NOT the game itself but the chat players can chat with you even if you don’t know them and some people will try to make the room private and have Inappropriate chats about sex (for example sometimes people can ask you to send nudes or to sleep with them) they can also have inappropriate names for themselves (for example: Horny Girl/Boy, Sexy Girl/Boy, Need a BF/GF (BF= Boyfriend, GF= Girlfriend) and Sex Chat) if you see these names it’s best not to enter those rooms if someone asks the questions above then either leave the room or kick or ban them from your room. Privacy concerns 7/10: This is also not the game but the chat sometimes immature adults and teens will ask for personal information (I have had people ask me for my Full name, age, If I’m a girl or a boy, where I live, my Snapchat Instagram discord and hangouts ID, My mobile phone number, if I have WhatsApp or Facebook, If I have TikTok and if so what is my ID and my family and friends names and numbers) and pretty much every time I enter a room they ask me for my Instagram and Snapchat ID I have never answered any of these questions I have simply left or banned that person it is very important that if you get this game NEVER USE YOUR REAL NAME AS YOUR USERNAME (for example my username for Among us is Marvel Fan and I never tell them my real name if the ask for my name I always say Marvel Fan I usually get banned for that but it’s better to be banned than a stranger knowing all your personal information. Consumerism 1/10: sometimes and add will pop up but that’s fine you also have to pay for certain stuff such as avatar hats, clothes, and pets. Play difficulty 3/10 it may be a little hard to figure out the game for first time players but once you play for a bit it gets easier and easier to work it out. Drinking drugs and smoking 2/10: not the game the chat sometimes the players can make references to drinking drugs and smoking I have never seen this happen but I know people who have. Great messages and role models 4/10: if your a crew mate the aim is to vote out the imposter but you dont know who the imposter is so you and the other crew mates need to use teamwork to figure it out. Language 7/10: not the game the chat although it does filter out the swear words you end up with a chat full of ********* those and teens and young adults who play this can easily get around this by removing a letter but everyone still knows what they are saying (I have seen F*ck become Fck, Sh*t become sht, and b*tch become btch, sometimes even private parts of the body are said P*nis becomes banana, and v**ina becomes hole and breasts become mellons it’s ridiculous but unfortunately it is in this world. Overall the game itself is awesome and a good cure for boredom but the only problem is the chat please copy and paste this review to the App Store ratings and reviews for among us so the makers of among us can read this and hopefully make something that gives you the option to turn chats unrelated to the game play off or on. I hope this review helped you decide weather or not to download this game look for my reviews for other stuff :) -Marvel Fan
so among us is about one imposter on the ship or more up to i think 4 there is violence but its just a little blood and bodys with only one bone now onto the social aspects if you kid kows stranger danger and has censor chat on it should be ok just play the game its fun.
