Great Game!
Nice..
nothing can beat this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!
Great Game
Among Us
Awesome.
Karen’s just let your kids play it not big of a deal
Cool game
Very violent!!!!
very good game
Best game for quarantine
It's fun and that's all it really needs to be
Complete Garbage. You should have played it back in 2018.
Fun Game when your bored.
InnerSloth Has Done It Again!
An amazing game
Its not inappropriate its just fantasy gore and mild blood
Among Us is A+
Weird scary things on app
This game is absolutely great. The people that say 18+ are sooo dumb, sure, there's a swear word from time to time, but there is an option to censor swear words. Also, you do kill other players when you're the impostor, but the animations are no different from drawing a red line. The game is really great, and I must go since my friends wanna play Among Us.
Simple graphics make the game attractive and simple. Has censor chat feature, but no moderation, therefore players may get past it. No grotesque images. Overall, a fun detective game, but it is an indie game, by a small indie company. No one could possibly monitor all those groups, keep in mind. Death is not much of a problem, considering that the animations are short, there is not an inappropriate amount of blood, just a few red circles. Monitor your kids, and possibly play with them to keep them safe. Play European servers if you go public, or play with sibs and friends privately. I monitor my little sibs to keep them safe, instead of being paranoid, parents, monitor your kids. -- PlayThatBatim
has a quite strong strobe of violence not suitable for under 13s DEFFINETLY GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So. Fun. I play this with my friends all the time and even if you are sensitive to blood (which some think is a big issue in the game) buy it anyway! This murder mystry with cute characters is fun, amusing, and a great way to connect. I recommend this to anyone looking for something to do with friends online! Get it on any apple device besdies a Mac. Avalible on PC too.
This is a great game and I love it but because of the chat function the game can have lots of inappropriate words so I would not suggest kids playing.
While I was playing among us I got in this room everyone was really nice then I was the imposter I won I rejoined the group by now 2 people called "Bean" and "Blue" started to call me a hoe. I apologized but it didn't help. Then everyone left and I was in a room with "Blue" he asked me how old I was, what state I lived in, what my name was, and other personal questions. Then he asks if I'm single... I tell him the truth, "Yes, but I don't want to date right not I'm getting over my mentally abusive ex" then he starts calling me a hoe, again. Then asks if I think smoking and or vaping is cool, I tell him no. He starts calling me a hoe again. Finally is cousin, "Burrito" comes in and tells him to stop. I also found out that he was 16 lives in California while I'm 11 and in Kansas? He then has the nerve to ban me. This is my second story. I was in a Among Us game it was just me, my friend, and the host. The host asks my friend out. She says no. He turns around and asks me out I say, "You are a perv for asking someone you don't know to date you... now leave me alone and play the game..." He calls me a perv for calling him a perv. I tell him that doesn't make since. My friend jumps in calls him a perv and to leave us alone. Then he calls us both pervs and hoes and bans us from the game. So as you can see if the chat could be censored and you can only say certain things. There was also profound swearing, talking about sex, a lot of violence, way to much talk about drugs, smoking, vaping, and drinking. great example, right. *Note the sarcasm* There is also a lot of concerns with hackers and your kids learning things you don't want to learn yet.
This game is incredible, its free, online to play with friends, and pursues perseverance. This has a bit of violence, well I mean a lot. Well not too much just kill animations, stabbing, and chopping in half. It has a bit of horror but otherwise incredible game.
This game is for kids nothing rong with it it’s like they can even grab a knife and stab someone with it and if you think that your over thinking things get some rest alright you herd it from a 12 year old but there is some swearing it there but there is a setting to block swears
The swearing filters are a bit off, which is why I rate this 13 and up. Not to mention the moderate violence. I don’t think the game is suitable for kids.
Way too much blood! Hey get shot in the head,snap necks,stab to death,and stick their tounge through others heads. When they die their dead body will be shown,in half,with their bone sticking out. Overall way to gruesome,I couldn't even handle it.
it teaches teamwork but anyway there is an option to censor the chat it has great influence
I’m a kid and ever since I’ve got the game I’ve played for 50.4 hours (I got it a month ago). The game consists of 1-3 impostors and 9 crewmates. The crew have to do tasks like downloading data and shooting asteroids. The impostor(s) have to sabotage and kill the crewmates without the crew finding you. I recommend this game for 10+ because there are small blood particle effects when you kill someone as the impostor. Also if your kids are playing it and they get into a game where people are saying swears and other things there is a button in settings that sensors chat ( it’s automatically on when you first get the game) besides that it’s a great party game to play with friends and family!
All I can really say is that it's Among Us; most youths play this game or at least have some sort of interest in it. I'll try to make the review quick since I don't have much to say that others haven't already. The game is solid in most regards, but there are a few balance issues (i.e. three killer games are too easy for killers, maybe the new map changes this but I haven't played on it so I don't know for sure). Possible objectionable content: Fantasy Violence: Violence is unrealistic and done in a similarly unrealistic context. The game has somewhat violent killings (all but one are bloodless) during randomized death animations. There are four death animations if you get murdered, all of which are brief; 1. The Impostor smacks your spaceman to the ground and blasts them with a pistol; either your character's head or hand explodes but either way there's no blood. 2. The Impostor snaps your neck and your guy falls to the floor, dead. 3. The Impostor impales their tongue through your character's head. 4. The Impostor stabs your character until they drop dead with the knife in their back. All the Impostor sees when killing is a corpse falling to the floor. Blood: Mild depictions of blood. When the Impostor kills a crew-mate, a small and brief gush of blood is seen flying from their body. The images accompanying the tutorial also depict small pools of blood around bodies.
This game is extremely boring , why? It's because you go around and do lame and boring tasks. Garbage. Another thing is if your an imposter, you go around and kill people and get caught doing that (most of the time) GARBAGE. Welcome to 2020 you noobs who play it at this time. Another lame thing you do is vote and get killed like I said before. (not the voting, the killing) When you vote you have to find out/guess who the imposter was. GARBAGE!!! Absolutely boring and lame game. It's on Steam for $5 to. WHO PAYS $5 FOR A GARBAGE GAME THAT'S $5??? Really boring. Absolutely lame. 100% Garbage. One more thing is you had time back in 2018 to play it but NO, you noobs decide to play it NOW!!! IN 2020!!! Absolutely ridiculous.
I love playing it, Its fun for lunch and with friends. Like mario party you can lose friendships!
Among Us is a great game! I play it every night with my friends, and we always have a blast. It's a great game to play with your friends, seeing as we can't meet and play physically. I chose it to be 13+ because of the mild chat issue. I personally don't have a problem with the chat, and I know the limits. However, if a parent is supervising the chat, ages 7 and up can play it. I allow my younger sister to play it (who is 8) but I either sit with her, or tell her not to use the chat. I would strongly advise to keep the chat censored at ALL TIMES, If your siblings or kids are sensitive, and get easily scared, this is not the game for them. It could be violent, (only a little blood) or scary, (the fear of being murdered). All in all I think it is a great game, and we should all try it out!
You guys realize that there's a censor chat and it is automatically on when you first get the game, right? You can always turn it off, and it censors a lot of stuff so I don't understand why you people want moderated chat if it's already there? Anyways, I think it's an amazing game, I like playing it with my friends, and I recommend playing it yourself if you haven't!
i think this game is good it has some educational stuff like teamwork trying to find out who imposter is but if you want your kid to no see any dirty stuff turn censored chat on so it blocks out anything bad like swears or anything but yeah i think 9 and up is good if you cant trust your kids playing alone watch them play. Just say that the only rule for you to play among us is while supervised
I love among us and among us is a great game besides I think there should be more colors and I think the game developers should stop the hacking. It has been brought to my attention that there is some bad words and sexual words in the chat but that can be filtered out by using the Censor that parents of younger children can use to filter out the bad words. Words like stupid, idiot, fat, etc. is not filtered out. But I give this game a 13/10 in my opinion.
So once I was playing this game and got killed by a cyan imposter. The screen that came up showed the imposter getting out a gun, shooting me (yellow). As soon as my character reaches his hand out for help he gets shot again and blood spurts. The game is fun, but also really violent. I play kick the buddy but that don’t really have blood. It’s ok, but be ware of the game violence.
Among us: Good or bad
Among Us is entertaining
The Best Game in the 21st Century
AMAZING!!!!!!!
Among Us. It’s just great.
I Think That Among Us is a good game
a great game
Among Us is a good game for kids
Play Among Us among your friends.
Among Us is very entertaining
The game Among Us
Download Among Us!
Among Us is Incredible!
you should defienel play Among us.
Among Us
Among Us is Awesome...but my parents don't like me playing it...
Excellent Game
Hao Bang Bang, Hue-Among-Us
among us
Among sUs
It is a close game, only 2 crewmates left. The imposter is running, running to me. In a flash, I’m dead. Do you want to know what game this is? This game is called Among us. Among us is free on IOS, Android, and PC. You can get it on apple store, Google play, and Microsoft store. Among us features many kinds of things. As long as you like game maps and astronauts, you will like Among us. However, Among us only features one type of game which I think can be improved. Among us is very fun when no one cheats. If you like mystery, next time play Among us. I guarantee you 100% you won’t regret it.
This video game Among Us is very understandable, also, allows you to choose a lot of stuff, and last but not least, entertaining. In this video game, there is one imposter which is a shape changing monster that tries to kill everyone before the rest of the crewmates eject you to outer space. The crewmates on the other hand try to fix the ship and figure out the imposter. One reason you should get among us is that it is very understandable because when you are imposter, there are buttons on your screen that says, kill, vent or sabotage. Also when you are crew mate the tasks are highlighted in yellow and when imposter(s) sabotage, the flashing arrows will guide you to the fixing area. Another reason that you should get among us is because it allows you to choose lots of things. One example of that is when you are the host you can change the speed, time, and many more! The last reason for you to be convinced to get among us is that it is entertaining. One example is when you are an imposter, you will need to seek and kill and then leave or report. Among Us is understandable, allows you to choose lots of things and lastly, entertaining. I highly recommend this amazing app.
It was the gloomiest of all Mondays ever. But then, an idea popped into my head. 'Why not have a little fun?' I thought. Of course, I was about to play the mysterious, super fun game- Among Us! To play a simple, high quality game with very few bugs, glitches or hacks is heaven. The animation is cute, iconic and even a little realistic. One thing that I really appreciate is that the game is updated regularly. although Among Us doesn't block hackers immediately, there are little errors in the game . As long as you actually pay attention, the game is very easy to work with. The plot is straight forward, impostor or not. The instructions are in the game lobby. Both the music and the sound effects are funny but small. They really bring more tension into the game. All in all, Among Us is not arguably the BEST GAME ever. You are missing out in LIFE if you don't play it. Enjoy!
This game is amazing! If your child wants to play this I would let them. The game is about a group of people some are chosen to be imposter and some are chosen to be a crewmate. The crewmates try to complete tasks while the imposters try to kill them before they can finish the tasks. This may sound violent but it is not at all graphic and the worst thing that is shown is the imposter twisting the crewmates neck, but yet again its not realistic in any way is isn't any worse then what your child would see on shows such as SpongeBob . Overall this game is really good. The chat is RARELY inappropriate and the people almost never have bad names. Usually the players names are simply things along the lines of Sprout, Lemon, or Draco from harry potter"
Among Us is a great game for people 10+. The game includes minimal blood and violence. Among Us is a game where there is 1, 2, or 3 impostors trying to kill 4-9 crew mates. The crew mates objective (for victory) is to finish tasks or vote out the impostor. The goal of the impostors is to kill enough people so that the remaining amount of people is even to the amount of impostors remaining, That’s how they win. The game can contain swearing, but there is a button which can toggle the chat filter on or off. The game is great for teaching people lying and manipulation. Overall, it’s a great game! You should totally download it. There are some in app purchases, but it shouldn’t cost too much.
I things Among Us is a great game but there is quite a bit of swearing in the chat and the censor chat does not work if the person taking out a letter so that they can get through censoring
I love the game i play it almost every day. when people talk about the graphic bits i dont really get why because it doesn’t look realistic. the sensor chat always works and i find that i dont need it in most games i play. nobody has asked me for any information. super fun to play!!!
Why i think Among Us is a good game for kids to play is because they can learn to work together to solve problems,Which could help them in real life situations
As another boring day reaches me, I switch on my Apple TV for another weapon to defeat the feeling of dread and next thing you know, I'm playing Among Us and I knew I would never be bored again. The first thing you see is the cute alien that is made to be your character, which of course can also be customized by altering its hat, skin and pet. In total, there are 13950 different outfits with their own looks and 3 different backgrounds with their own feeling. Even though the animated characters do a good job in catching the players’ eyes, the perfectly well-paired sound effects. There are 36 sounds that fit together perfectly and make the game more interesting. There are basically 2 roles, crew mate and impostor. As an impostor, your goal is to kill off the crew before they find out who you are. If you are a crew mate, then your job is to find out who the impostor is, simple, but lively. Next time you are bored, sad or depressed, grab your nearest electronic device, download Among Us, and start playing. I promise, all your problems will be fixed by a round of this game!
The current viral game in 2020, “Among Us”, is an absolutely fabulous game. When I found out about this game, it changed my life. I am now addicted to this game. Among Us has magnificent sound effects that will let your heart skip a beat. Aside from the sound effects, its ease of play lets it be so addictive. However, you have to pay money for a pet or a child, but, like, REAL money. Even though Among us has a very simple plot for a crewmate, it is still very entertaining. You finish your tasks and try to catch or vote out the imposter. The next time you are bored to death, pull out your phone or any electronic device, go to app store or google play, and download the app Among Us to play.
To experience the viral game Among us it is a really unique game to play. One of the key things that make the game among us is the sound. When you start playing the game you arrive at the main hub. Some people might say that the sound is repeating but, actually, the sound will not get boring and there are different sounds in different game modes. Some people might think the game is old and the graphics are really bad but, they updated the graphics and made it better. You can buy different skins to customize how you look. One of the key things that make Among Us unique is the skins and looks of your skin. Whenever you play the game Among Us you will get the imposter or the crewmate but after you die you can still play. When you get an imposter you are like a killer and your task is to kill everyone until there is only 1 person left or a number of crewmates equal to the imposters.
You should download Among Us because it's entertaining, and has some educational value. Every day, over 10 million people play it, and even more downloaded it! You should download Among Us because the game is very entertaining. The instructions are very simple, and so are the tasks in the game. You can also play with your friends in the same game, and still play if you are dead. Another fun thing about Among Us is that you can watch funny videos on the video game! You should also download Among Us because unlike other video games, it also has some educational value. For example, you can play with your friends in real life and the other players in the game. This improves your social skills because you are playing with other players in the game. It also teaches you important problem-solving skills like finding out who the imposter is, and to defend your self if others "sus" you, or "suspect" you. My friends and I love this game, and I will guarantee you that you will too! The amount of entertainment and the educational value is easy to get sucked into! Currently, 60 million people play Among Us every day. Make that 60 million and 1 by joining us today.
One night, I was bored, with no idea what to do, when my brother and sister rushed in.'' We got Dad to download Among Us! Can you please play?” she pleaded. Of course, since I had heard so much about Among Us that I had to say yes! So, I got my phone and quickly downloaded Among Us. In this time, I learnt how to be a good detective. To spend 15 minutes playing a round of Among Us is definitely worth your time. To learn how to play Among Us is simple and quick, but worth your time to be able to play with friends or online. The first thing you should know before playing Among Us is that it’s not a horror game at all! While it does cost some money, it only costs $5, and you get it for free Mobile! To play Among Us, unlike some critics might say, is an amazing game that is worth your time to play. Now, if you don’t let your child play this game, you’re being paranoid because it’s completely safe. I mean, come on, it’s literally just jelly beans with legs! Is there any violence in that? I didn't think so!
You should play this game called Among Us because the game has barely any glitches, it is free on the app store and the google play store. Once you pick up your device and start playing among us you will not stop playing. The game price is also really cheap it is only 100nt and you could play the game as long as you want to and it is free on the app store and the google play store. The control of the game is really easy. The control is only WASD and the left mouse button. This benefits the game a lot because then the game could be played by all ages.
If you like detectives and mystery, this game full of suspense is suitable for you. This game makes you use your logic, wits, and psychology skills to catch the imposter and win the game. The rules of this game are simple. Similar to some other games of the same genre, the goal is the find the imposter(s) and vote them out before they kill all of you. If you’re the impostor, you have to kill the crewmates before they finish their tasks or vote you out. The art in Among Us is humble, yet with intricate details that make it nice to see. You could customize your character in multiple ways, like adding over 50 items like hats, masks, and a humongous spectrum of fashionable, simple accessories you can wear to your liking. The simplicity of the art results in a refined, smooth animation you would enjoy. Among Us is a game definitely worth your precious time. The compelling gameplay will make you feel like you are in the starry spaceship itself, wandering around, helping around doing your tasks cheerfully until you go in a room and there’s a.... dead corpse. I recommend it for 9-year-olds and older.
One day, I had just finished my homework and got really bored. I opened up my computer and started to watch YouTube. As I was scrolling through the homepage, I found this video about a trending video game, Among Us. Everyone in school, or should I say every single living human being on Earth was talking about it! So, I downloaded it on my phone. I tried a few rounds and it was true, the game was extremely fun. I could go on for hours for playing this! You should definitely try this multiplayer game because of the sound effects, graphics, and most of all, it is entertaining. Picture this, if you were to play a game with no sound, it will surely be very boring. I mean, no one would want to play that sort of game and would probably delete it immediately. But Among Us has great sound effects. If the graphics have poor quality, then no one will want to play it. Who on earth would like to play that? However, Among Us have great quality graphics and it is very smooth. Whenever you are extremely bored, all you have to do is to grab your nearest electronic device and download it! Even though most parents might say that kids should not be playing video games because it makes them anti-social, Among Us actually improves their social skills and teamwork by finding out who the imposter(s) is. Even though the chat may contain some bad language, they can turn on censored chat, the swear words will turn into ****. Trust me, it will be totally worth your time. From personal experience, Among Us is a great game and I’m 100% sure you will love it!
The first time I discovered Among Us was when I first received a life-saving email from my best friend. She wrote, “I’ve just recently discovered this new game, Among Us! Everyone is playing it! You should totally try it!” Among Us is the best game ever. Even though Among Us is such a high quality game, it’s easy to access, and it’s free! Whereas I’ve never met the creators in real life. They’re so open on their company’s website, I feel like I know them, and I can rest assured that they're not stealing my personal information. Whether you’re a fantasy fanatic or science geek, Among Us could be the best game for you. If you've gotten to this last part, I hope you already have the game, because this video game is a life-saving invention, and if you haven't gotten it, you’re totally missing out! Go get it now!
One of the most highly-rated game, made by Inner Sloth, has more than 170,000 people watching on Youtube or Twitch and WAY MORE are playing! It is one of the most played game right now and has the most downloads IN THE WORLD! There are two teams in this game, the imposters and the crewmates. The crewmates have to figure out who the imposter is and the imposters have to sneakily hide their identities and kill all of them. Being an imposter is not easy, but it is very fun. An imposter kills crewmates, sabotages tasks, and vents throughout the map. Whenever you see that the game has chosen YOU to be the imposter, you’ll get the bright and chilling shiver of excitement. If you're one of the crewmates, you can do tasks, communicate with everyone, and try to find out who is an imposter and who’s not. Tasks are the main goals of the crewmates. They are all different in their own way, and in each game, you’ll get a variety of them. In Among Us, whenever there is a dead body found or someone is feeling a bit being followed, someone can report that brings everyone together. Whether or not you are the imposter, you have to make others agree that you aren’t what they think you are. Once everyone agrees on what to vote, everyone will either vote on that one guy that may be the imposter or they can skip, and after that, the game continues. So if you aren’t playing this game, or you’ve heard of it but aren’t playing. I hope this review will make you want to download it right away or give it a try.
If you’re having a bad mood or you just got into a fight or you just got in trouble, you should play this very amazing game called among us. It is a game that everyone thinks is brand new and it just started but it was actually very old and it just jumped to the top because it is so fun to play and it has a cool topic that you are a little spaceman and there is an imposter among all of you and you have to finish the tasks and catch the imposters before they slaughter all of you and destroy the ship that you are in. Playing among is worth your while as it is an engaging game because it will enhance your mood, it has a lot of updates, and it has a probability of being the imposter. Playing Among Us will intensify your mood because it has a very mysterious mood and it gives you a very strong feeling that you are actually in the setting of the game. If you want to play a game that has lots of updates then you would love to play among us because it has very nice updates and it can take you to another game. When you play Among Us you will have a likely chance of being the imposter and you will be able to sabotage, kill everyone, and you can also vent when nobody’s looking and reach places quickly. The next time you have a fight or a bad mood you should definitely go play among us to cheer yourself up
Some people might say Among Us is a cheap game but to just spend less than a minute to download an award-winning app that is free and just play for 10 minutes. Among Us takes place in a space-themed setting where there are two characters you can play. The game randomly assigns you as the Impostor or a Crewmate. Not only do you get to customize what color your spacesuit looks like, but you can also choose what hat you have on. There are also in-app purchases for special skins and pets to give your character specialty.Both characters as the impostor or the Crewmate are important to the game, to give the tension and the nature of the game. As a role to be Impostor, you can sabotage the ship and distract the Crew mate such as decreasing vision, or depleting oxygen, or close doors in certain rooms so that the impostor can trap a Crew mate and vent in and kill. This online game is a thrilling game where everybody can relax and spend a few minutes having fun because of its amazing character design, it's different characters/roles and it's game design where you can play with the setting and play a whole different game.
