Great game, my parents think it’s not safe...
Great Game- Just Stick with Private Mode.
AMAZING GAME
Really Good!
For mature 8+
Make sure your kids don't give out private info!
Fun Murder Mystery-Styled Game!
Awesome!
Fun cartoonish game
Great game but.....
Great game!
Dont understand all the high age ratings
Amazing game with little violence, and fun for most people.
Among us is the Great game of the century
Good enough. So I like , well why is it 11 plus?
Crewmate: there is one great game among us.
Good but...
Pretty Good, Not Too Young
Inappropriate content in chat
Amazing
I am 13 and my parents are super strict. Most of the time I’m not allowed to have 9+ games because of the chat that other people can find my location and get my personal information. Well there is not setting that allows you to share your location or personal info or even and email address on Among Us. So if someone does get your personal info off of among us it’s your fault not the people you play with or the app, it’s you. Just keep that in mind when your thinking about letting your child get the app. My mom doesn’t trust the people on there, but there is nothing they can do to get your info off of the app unless you tell them. It’s super fun otherwise.
I have personally never played on public, just done several games with people I know. If you stick with just playing Among Us on private with your friends then you should be fine. Not super violent, but if you decide to play a murder mystery game then there is, well, murder. If you are play a sport/are in band/etc. then this is a good choice for long team bus rides.
Great game but there is some slight violence and users can interact. The users can chat with each other and some people might say bad words but the app covers it with stars. Some online dating. Some people ask what age they are and where they are from. I think nine or ten year olds are smart enough to not answer to that. Slight violence (a gun shooting or a knife stabbing) and a tiny bit of blood. But it's a great app and I highly recommend it.
Its a Good Game, Its a good game For Social skills, it can enchance someone's lying ability, which is a downside, it might be stressful sometimes, but the tasks and the joy of ejecting an impostor is really good, 10/10 Would Reccomend.
A lot of people on commonsense media say that there is no blood but there is. When you get killed by the imposter, a quick, cartoony animation plays. There is a gun animation and the imposter shoots you but not to much blood. The imposter can also snap your neck and ... impale you with their sharp tongue?.. the gameplay is fairly easy and minimal. If you are a crewmate then you go around doing simple tasks.(connecting wires, shooting asteroids, emptying trash, etc etc etc). If The imposter kill someone and a crewmate report it, you will go into a chat room with the people in you round. People can be vulgar and there is no limitations to what they can say. you can kick and report players, or turn on chat censor, but there is a bypass for that. If you are the imposter then you go around sabotaging systems and killing other crewmates. There is also inappropriate usernames like c??chigrab and hotgirl/boy. Hate speech is minimal but trump2020 is a popular username and sometimes the will call you n****a and other hateful messages if you say Biden or pretty much any other president.
The violence in this game isn't much of a problem, because it is not bloody or anything. I said 10 and up, but I think 7, 8, and 9 year olds can play this, but only in a private game with people you know well, like their cousins, friends from school or other classes, siblings, etc. I think that because one time I was in a game, and someone litrally said their WHOLE NAME!
Super Fun, but has one simple thing. Swearing. I love this game, but I have seen in chat people swearing at me and at other people. It isn't very fun when that happens.
This game is amazing! There is not a lot of blood. The object of the game is do the tasks they list on the top left. You want to do the tasks without being killed by the "imposter."
Among us has taken the world by storm these past months. It has a fun cartoony art style. There is some violence and blood when killing a crewmate like stabbing or shooting in little animation. After the crewmate has a bone sticking out and is a ghost until the next round. There is a chat so you can talk and find out who the impostor is. There is a profanity filter but does not filter 100 percent of words and slurs. I think this is a cartoony game good for ages 9 and up.
Honestly it's a great game.It teaches you teamwork through hard times.Although for parents I must warn you.It contains: A little usage of blood (about small circles of blood you can barely see) and has killing scenes with weapons like knives,guns etc.So parents if you don't want to expose your children to this I prefer you don't get the game.There is also a very big problem with the game.It contains people cursing in some servers.Although they censor out the bad words it still may be offensive to some people.Hackers also come from this problem but other than that great game.It's more safer to play with friends than in a server.
It’s amazing! It’s a game that really makes you think. In fact, it’s a murder mystery game, just with real people around the globe online each playing as a character in the map. And the chat feature also censors curse words, so you don’t have to worry about that. The reason I’m not saying that 8 year olds can play it, though, is because they’re always just randomly voting out who they think the imposter is and never really have much reasoning as to why. They just really seem to like being dumb about things. If you’re an 8 year old, please stop being dumb in Among Us, and maybe I’ll change my rating.
I dont understand why evreyones like ¨10 and up¨"I have even seen 17 and up too! my 8(soon to be 9) year old brother plays it and its fine. There is very little amount of blood and the bullying thing is not an issue just ban them or leave the game. lying is part of the game? big deal its all in good fun and if you don't like lying dont allow them to play party games like mafia(which is a family friendly party game) another thing they complain about is swearing, this is easily avoidable by kicking them if your the host or turning censor chat on
Any child can have fun on this game, as long as they can read and write. This might be a TINY bit scary for younger kids (ages 6 and below), this is a simple game fun for everyone. I play it with my big family, and we have a fun time together. even if people do swear on here, theres a way to censor it (take a look in the settings)
Speaking from a 12 year old's point of view, this is a fantastic game. It is easily appropriate for 10 year olds except for one thing. The chat. People often use the chat for speaking about inappropriate things such as sex and they try to get personal information out of you. I've even heard pretty much every bad word used in the chat. But as long as you keep the censor chat option and know how to keep your info private this game will be good for you.
Among us is a game where there is ONE IMPOSTOR that could win or lose. If you are NOT the impostor you should do your tasks.
I love this game, The graphics are simple and it's easy to play. But for the kiddo's, I suggest you enable the "sensor chat" option in settings and give them the old privacy online speech. Other than that, this game is fun and addictive, while people sometimes put harmful or political stuff in chat, this can be solved by changing what lobby you are in, the best way to stop them is to ignore them, there are dumb-dumbs on this planet, just ignore them. The game shares a similar story to a move from the mid-1900s called "The Thing" but with a lot less bad stuff.
I love this game but since there are no accounts attached to the players people feel free to say what they want in the chat. If your child is under 11 I feel it is fine for them to play if they are either in a private server or if they are the host of the server. If they are the host they can kick a player from the server. The description of this game and the killing is highly overstated, these "kill animations" are cartoon and comical and not super violent. You should teach your child to kick people when they have a name like "horny" which comes up quite a bit. This is a fun game and as long as you are careful is a great way to build teamwork.
This is a pretty amazing game for teens. Anyone under 12 probably shouldn't play for the chat and ways to customize usernames. You can censor the chat, but some people find ways to sneak around the censoring. It's playing with random people all over the world, so make sure your kid is trusted enough to play it. There's also a private feature, where you can just play with people you give your code to. No random people there.
Among Us is a game of Information, teamwork and betrayal. Players can choose to be a host of a public or private room, or join a room hosted by their friends or anyone around the world. There can be 4-10 players in each game, but there is/are 1-3 imposter/s threatening to kill rest of the crew to take control of the ship. the game contains mild blood, fear, and the players may not trust on others on the reporting of dead bodies or an emergency meeting. If you child is above 10, and plays with friends is fine, but do not make your kids an addict. As per my recommendation, you can allow your kids to play the game online with other players around the world, if you kid is above 12 as there is bloodshed, fear, and may contain inappropriate words in the discussion chat of meetings. Whether you kids are above or below 12, I do not recommend playing this game that much. But there are many games PEGI 3, Check them out!
I think this is a amazing game. It shows that you have to think a lot to find out who the imposter is and win the game, although that is not always the case, because if the gets enough kills, they can win the game. also, when the imposter kills someone, it is kind of funny sometimes because of the animations or if the imposter turns the light off, it limits the players view and if the imposter kills you, it is like a little jump scare. the kill animations are very cartoony and not that gory, as I have graphed and there is not a single animation over 2 seconds. I have had some problems with people cursing or saying inappropriate words in the chat, but you can either censor these words with **** to make the chat not include cursing. you can do this by pressing the gear when you open the game and right under the volume settings, there is a option to censor the chat. Also. I find that the European servers generally have less cussing in general. the game is free on mobile and costs only 5 dollars on steam if you have a pc. for pc. the movement controls are wasd, and you have to use the mouse to report a dead body or do a task. If you are on mobile, there is a option between touch and a joystick and I find the joystick is much, much easier to use and you have to press on the buttons to do the same things. overall, this game is probably one of the funnest and best games that I have played. also, if you don't believe me, just search up among us on youtube.
Quite good
Really Fun, Kind of Addictive!
Among us rating from Aivee
good game but don't play too seriously
Great game
Simple game fun for everyone
Good game but not for kids
Fun game but not recommended for kids under 10
Doesn't encourage deceit
Great Game is Taking Over the World
Among us
Very good
it is good
Among us but its yes
amazing
BEST GAME EVER
Exciting and fun but a little gory
Among us
Great Game with only a slight bit of violence!
Well when I played the first time, I was quite lost in the maps, but it is outstanding, I am suggesting 10 years because some teens or other grownups say WTF and stuff like that, I would say to sensor chat so you don't see anything bad, when it sensors chat it replaces the f word as ****, so I think it is OK. Enjoy the best game out right now!
I've only played this game a couple times but it was really fun. Even though sometimes there is a dead body, it is just a little icon with X-eyes on the floor. Gore is definitely not a problem. It is pretty easy once you get the hang of t. If parents are worried about hackers and scammers and stuff, you can make a private room with just your friends. People sometimes swear in the chat but there is an option to sensor it. It is really fun and quick. I would recommend it and say it is safe and most parents would agree.
This game is overall really nice, I do think it would be unsuitable for children under the age of 9. There is swearing and some people have inappropriate usernames, but you can filter the swear words if you wish. The gore is not too bad.
this game is good the reason i give it a 12+ is because 10 and under would not be good at this game and i highly recommend you keep the censor chat filter on because there is some profanity the only thing it will censor is profanity there is a lot of lying in this game so as i said don't take it seriously but its a good game there is too much swearing if you keep the censor chat off there is also a lot of team work! but there is an impostor among us
This game would be great for all ages, but there are no chat moderators so players can basically say anything in the chat. Also, there is murder, but that can't really be changed or it would ruin the game. Otherwise, its a very nice game with teamwork and strategy among players.
This is a great game. While sometimes chats can have offensive language, This can be easily fixed by turning on censor chat which basically bleeps out swear words. If your kid knows how to not listen to people who will swear then this game is fine for them. And violence is minimal
This game is good for anyone above the age 13 the reason is their are sexual references and some violence, I’ve. Played this game for a month and my experience tells me that this game isn’t for kids under the age of 13, sure theirs a setting that removes curse words but players could very easily bypass it. The game isn’t that violent but their is some blood and gore to it, as long your teens aren’t disgusted/scared of blood and gore this is a perfect game for them. The chat is inappropriate also I’ve seen many people swear and using sexual references. I’ve once joined this server and a kid was
Among Us is a fun game I've been playing for a couple weeks, I think it's a bit too violent for little kids to play. A lot of the killing scenes are pretty violent, they aren't realistic but are pretty iffy for younger kids. The violence in this game isn't really why I think this game should be for kids 10+, it's that the chat function doesn't exactly have a sensor on language. There is a "censor chat" option, I don't have it on, so I don't really know if it works, but it might. There also are just private rooms so your kids can just play with people they know, rather than complete strangers. I've seen people in chat saying some incredibly explicit things and kids should obviously never see.
A lot of people say that this game is encouraging lying, but that isn't what it encourages, instead it encourages you to think deeply and try to problem solve as a crewmate. As an impostor you have to be smart and try to remain a step ahead of everyone else. You might say that it encourages lying but I can assure you that your child wont even care. The blood isn't even blood, more of a red circle. If your worried about language then probably don't let them play.
I'd say that it's fine for 9 and up to play. I mean, I don't think a 9 year old should have phone, you should at least be in middle school, but if they were just playing on someone else's phone, it would be fine. Whenever I explain the game to someone I say it's like mafia(a kids game, ask someone or look it up and you'll know) on a spaceship. It's really fun weather you're a crewmate or an imposter. There is some violence as the imposter's goal is to kill everyone, but no graphic at all. It's all animated and the different ways of killing someone are getting shot, getting stabbed by a knife, getting stabbed by a long spear, and getting your neck snapped. Like I said before, it's all animated and is on your screen for about five seconds. When I say different ways of getting killed, I don't mean the imposter can kill someone, the game randomly chooses a way, so don't worry about that. If you're worried about the chat feature. Sometimes people will say inappropriate stuff, but it'll probably go over your kids' head. People do curse, but you have an option of the chat being censored. It will instead appear as a *. For example instead of saying crap it would be ****. But also, your kid will hear cursing all the time when they're older, or if they're in middle school, they probably already do. You also don't make an account where you have to put information. You just choose a name, which can be anything and play. No one will know your name, what you look like, what your voice sounds like(as there is no talking), or any other information. This is a really cool game and if you have any questions about it just ask someone you know and they can clear up your worries. Thanks for reading this long review and I hope it helps.
This game is fine for kids 8+ Violence wise, not that bad. It’s not graphic and not disturbing. The ways you can kill people is kinda disturbing but because of the graphics it’s not bad at all. Language is kinda bad. I’ve seen people say homophobic, racist, and just be plain offensive, but their is a option to censor the chat. Sexy stuff: well, there are some mildly suggestive names that people can name themselves. I’m not going into the names but you can imagine:) Alcohol/Drugs: nothing but people can make names. Violence: 2/10 Language 7/10 Sexy stuff 5/10 Drugs/alcohol 1/10
Among Us is really great. 1 thing is the unsupervised chat and there can some swearing. But, if there's a time when there's too much there's the option to exit. But, other than that it's really great games for friends and family to play together.
I think that this is age appropriate for kids 8 and up because it is a cartoon style and there is no blood if you are a fan of a game that does not get boring and keeps you on the edge of your seat then among us is for you
Games great phenomenal but anyone under like 6 yrs old should not play this it's kind of violent if you die very minimal blood but there is a dead body with one bone so and also a death animation where you get shot stabbed or stabbed by tounge. But as of OCT 2020, there's a hacker by Eiris Louis who will hack you if you do what he says so just leave if you see a spammed message in the chat. That also brings me to my next statement if you do not press the censor chat button in the options youre gonna see some very naughty things but this is a very good game totally recommend and it's free on phone not on computer steam though. Quick edit the Game is working on an anti cheat so we don't have to see hackers as much.
This game is the perfect mix of puzzles and fun my whole school plays this game and i can guarantee they would all say the same thing.
It’s a great game to play with friends. Although there are some swearers in chat sometimes but there is an option to sensor swears. There is a bit violence but nothing to serious. A little blood but draw a few drops of red and there you have it.
Among Us is a game where one character is the impostor, and the rest are crewmates who try to fix the ship and do tasks and stuff. Watch out because there can be a lot of language in the game due to the chat. However there is a setting where you can ban rude words, so your children don't see them. Violence includes when you are the impostor and you kill, because as you kill, a slight squirt of blood comes out of the body of the character you're killing. There are different ways to kill characters: they can get shot, (no blood) stabbed (no blood) and basically that's it. This game is perfect for kids 10+
I think you should let all kids or Grown ups play this game because it is very kid and grown up friendly!
Among us is a great game about deduction, lying, and strategy. The game is a good brain workout and can increase your social skills! The game does have a bit of violence though, (I mean It IS a murder mystery after all)! There are kill animations that feature guns, knifes, etc. However it's all cartoons and there is none/little blood or gore. Bad words in the chat are also censored.
