Good game, bad community
I enjoy it.
Fun Game
among us = good game
Reds kinda sus tho
Fun game for kids to play with friends. Beware of cat fishing.
Ok..
Except for a few little things quite acceptable.
SO FUN!!!!
Perfect game for family and freinds!
Great game!
great for any ages
Great for emproving ur brain
parents are you dumb?
so good
I suck at the game
among us
my 6yr old coison plays this
This game is a really good murder mystery game. Anybody can play this. It's very family friendly too. There are some troubles though. 1. You are playing with other players. That means there is a chat, which can be very toxic at times. Also cursing is a thing 2. People leave if they are not the imposter, which is just annoying. This game is probably the best game for big groups of people up to 10 people.
If your child doesn't know many cuss words or can't handle violence, dont let them play this. Other than that is beans walking around doing tasks with a imposter among them. The imposter kills a crewmate, and they have to investigate who they think the imposter is.
This game is really fun. Me and my friend spend hours playing it almost every day. I would say it is a bit addicting, but that's ok if you monitor the time your child spends on it. There is some cussing in the chat but most kids 10 and up will know to ignore it. The graphics didn't scare me at all. I think the game is fine for kids 10+.
I think this game is for 7 and up and i saw the parent reviews and those are not true because among us is basically a survival game. my step sister plays it and she has done 14 tasks without being killed once and she is 20 years old. my brother plays it and he is 9 and he is the youngest in the family and he dosnt care about the death animations he has also played destiny 2 and rogue company and fortnite. the only bad thing is the chat when people swear and also people hack because once i was in a public match and a hacker was an imposter and he killed evrybody without and body moving once and i banned him from the server. so none of the stuff about the parent reviews was true. please do not beleave them
It’s fun! Violence... meh... people can swear
This game is great for kids to play online with their friends. I think parents should beware of cat fishing, as it is a common occurrence on this platform. Talk to your child about online safety and make sure they know to never engage online with someone who they don’t know in person. Also make sure they know to not give out their personal information and that it is ok to say no if someone is pushing them. Overall, a mature tween or young teen could enjoy this game with a group of friends with no problem as long as they can be trusted.
I played and a girl call me b*
Great video game (especially when you play it with friends or family). But if you play it with random people, watch out for the chat, because sometimes there are people who speak vulgarly. However, this is not a problem if you have chat censoring turned on. And I also forgot to say that there is a bit of violence (stabbing a knife, twisting the body, piercingy the head with a sharp tongue, shooting the body with a pistol.) It may look very violent, but it's okay (everything is animated, there's only a little blood and it's only placed in some animations, etc.) So I'd say 8-10 + in the end.
This game is so fun and not too violent. Violence: Stabbing, in a cartoon way, shooting, punching, cracking necks. But it is not gory. Just the image, and the player falls. Blood: When you press kill on the screen, the character spurts blood, but it is legit just about two red pencil strokes across the screen. Ease of play: Either on-screen joystick, or touch. Simple buttons. Language: No language, except when discussing. But by default it puts the stars there. GREAT! Online: Yes Free: On mobile I love this game so much you should definitely try it.
This game is great for a group of people that love suspense and mystery. This is a murder mystery game and find the impostor on a space ship and get rid of the impostor. (Get rid of him by throwing him out of a airlock) This is a online game with chat features so there could be some pretty bad stuff in the chat at one point or a other, But you can censor the chat so they can not see any of the profanity. There is violence in the game but not constantly because the impostor has to kill under cover, But the scene goes by pretty fast but there can be numerous ways of what kill scene could look like. (Guns, A sharp toungh through the head, Neck gets snapped, Etc)
It's a great game however violence is present but it's on PG-13 level. Swearing can be seen and they can say swear words and racial slurs. But highly recommended for kids who are fans on it.
this game is very easy to play, litte bean shape astronauts are stuck on a ship with 1-3 imposter. the crewmates goal is to finish their tasks and find out who the imposter is. the imposted goal is to elimanate the crewmates without getting caught. when you are crewmate and you are elimanated by the imposter it show the imposter either stabbing,shooting or punching without any gore and complety cartoon.
Among us is a great game for kids that need to improve there brain skills as if u are innocent u have to try to find out who the impostor is and can really help ur child in logic skills if ur a impostor no but still great game but it does contain villance that is appropriate for 6 and up
For the parents who are reading this, IT IS AN ONLINE GAME! So of course there will be rude people! If you have a young child playing this just tell them not to use the chat, they will be fine if they don't use the chat. And if your child does use the chat just tell them to turn censor chat on, because people will swear since it is and online game. Other than that it's good.
play it its the best game ever
Contains violence. Also I can't win a single round.
Let me start off by saying that Among Us is a great game. It's fun to play, requires very little time to learn, and has the added bonus of being playable with your friends. However, there are some things to consider when purchasing this for a child or young teen. 1. The death animations are quite violent. If you're playing as Crewmate- aka the good guys- when the imposter kills you, the are a handful of animations that could appear on your screen. To list some, stabbing, shooting, being impaled. It's animated, cartoonish, but still violence all the same. A bit gruesome but is only on screen for a few seconds. 2. The chat. When you find a lobby with the settings and map you want, you tend to wait in it until it fills up. Here you can change the color of your character, put on different hats, and clothes. You can also talk to the other players. As you may see, this could pose an issue as there is no censoring for any of the chat (Of course, you could turn on the censor-chat option, but there are ways to bypass this, and some things like player names aren't included in this). Generally players are good-willed, and just happy to play another round, but as in most games, you will stumble across a person/group of people who swear, talk about doing drugs, or relations (yes I am aware that I phrased that lightly). 3. Lying. This game requires frequent lying on your part if you wish to be a successful imposter, as you have to think of fake alibis and defend yourself in general. I do not condone lying in everyday life, but it is supplemental to this game in particular. But before you go away think that this is a bad game which would influence your child in an unsavory way, think again. Among Us was created to be a party game, for people to have fun and play with their friends. And it still can be. It's wonderful to control the little endearing avatars, and send them around the map to do tasks. It's also fun in the detection aspect of the game, trying to find out who the imposter(s) is/are. In conclusion, I would recommend this to those 11-12 years or older, but if you believe that your child is mature enough, it truly is a fun game to occupy your spare time with. I wholly recommend it to those who are aware of what I've just transcribed, and still are eager to play. Cheers.
this is fun as!
So good little violence not much gory such good game!
Good Game, a bit of violence.
Great game
One of my top games!
Among Us Children
AMAZING!
A bit violent but fun. (imporant details in caps)
Extremely fun murder-mystery great for playing with friends
Fantastically Made Game Implores Players to Strategize and Use Teamwork, However, a Couple Minor Downsides
Fantastic Mystery Game!
Far too easy, such a stupid game
Among Us is a mystery game where you have to find out who the imposter(s) are before they can kill you. While there is a tiny bit of blood and lots violence in the kill animations, I think that these are kid friendly. The only thing I'd say to be wary of is the in-game chat feature. While there is no way to turn it off, there is a feature that censors bad words. Overall, it's an amazing game, and I reccomend it.
It seems pretty family friendly but there are a few things to be concerned about: *Cursing in chat (though you can enable censors) *Cursing in names *When an imposter kills someone, there is red, cartoonish "flesh" and a cartoonish bone coming out *It's a stangers' chat (unless you play with friends) so you may not trust your kids not to share private info But other than that I think it's nothing a 9yo can't handle.
This game is very fun and entertaining, and recently got much more popular than two years ago. The goal, if you are a crewmate, is to complete tasks around the spaceship and not get killed by the Impostor. The goals for the Impostor is to kill off the crewmates and/or sabotage the map by attacking oxygen supply, lights, or reactor/seismic stability to win the game. If you are the Impostor, killing people is slightly graphic. You press the "Kill" button, and there is a very small spurt of blood, and the bottom half of the body falls to the floor with a hambone where the head was. You don't see the death animations unless you are a crewmate, which the animations usually consist of getting shot in the back of your head, getting your neck snapped, getting shoved on top of a live grenade, getting sliced in half, and getting stabbed through the visor with an alien-like tongue. These animations are mostly bloodless, and are more hilarious than graphic. The other problem is the chat. You are able to censor the chat so the word f*ck will look like ****. You have the option to turn this off, but if a younger child is playing, then I recommend keeping this setting on due to the language that many people use. Overall, this game is very fun and entertaining, and a great time killer with friends, but watch out for the more mature themes when letting your younger child play.
This is a game about a crime scene and we need to find out who the murderer is. This game is not harmful in any way but would probably not be used by under 10 year olds.
Among us is awesome. I started playing at the beginning of September, and im hooked. The graphics are simple and nice, and its such a fun game. It challenges your brain when you're trying to figure out who's the imposter, or trying to pretend you're not the imposter. There is very little blood, and the kill scenes aren't too harsh. The only thing I'd watch out for is if the chat censor is off. There is a ton of cursing with it off, so make sure if a younger player is playing, to turn that on. My little brother (9) plays too and I made sure the censor is on. Sometimes it's more than just cursing. (sexual jokes, sexual names, racist remarks and names, etc.)
Pros: This is a FUN game that will suck you in fast. It GROWS SKILLS IN OBSERVATION and finding small details. You have to DISCOVER who "the imposter' is. Another cool thing is CUSTOMIZATION. You get to chose your characters COLOR and pick from many HATS. You also can pick a NAME. Cons: Pretty violent. Includes MURDER, SWEARING, and a bit of SAFETY CONCERNS. The Imposter murders the crewmate 1 by 1 . People can say swear words but you can SET A CENSOR. They can cuss and say inappropriate things but ive only ever experienced swearing. Another Con is SAFETY ISSUES people can ask for phone numbers, discords, social medias, and even addresses. But IF YOUR KID IS MATURE THAN THIS IS THE GAME FOR THEM
Among Us was released in 2018, but has exploded in popularity recently, and for good reason. Among Us is a very entertaining and addicting game free on mobile and $4.99 on Steam. A murder-mystery type game similar to the card games Mafia and Werewolf, some players are the impostor, whose goal is to kill as many players as possible without getting caught. The crewmates, however, must try to find out the impostor and vote them out. Although the game is quite violent and graphic, it is by no means gory, and the cartoonish art style makes it quite accessible to a variety of ages. There is very minimal blood, but the chat, despite there being a default censoring feature, leaves players open to profanities, censored or not. Overall, this game is definitely worth it and a great way to spend time with friends over the internet, although some caution and responsibility is needed for players to play the game safely.
Among Us is a brilliantly created, prominently child-friendly video game. It asks its users to utilize teamwork as well as deceit, and while it's simplistic, it seems to truly never get old. In each round, one player is randomly chosen to be "The Impostor"*, while the rest, (usually 8-9 others) are "Crewmates". Each player will be notified of their own role in the game, but not anyone else's. As The Impostor, you have the power to assassinate other players in cartoonish fashion, and once you do, you have the option to leave the body, or report it, in which case a meeting is called, which all players are required to attend. In this meeting, players speculate on who could be The Impostor, and who is definitely not. The Impostor partakes in the meetings, free to accuse others of being The Impostor, and clearing other's names, as well. After a minute of deliberation, the players are permitted to vote on who they believe The Impostor is. The Impostor also gets to vote. Whoever gets the most votes is kicked out of the space shuttle that the game is set in. Usually, it will be revealed if the person kicked out was The Impostor or not. If not, the game goes on until either The Impostor gets "sussed out" (in casual video game language, meaning that The Impostor was voted out), or until The Impostor is left alone with one other player, in which case, The Impostor gets an automatic win. Then, everyone goes back to the waiting room, where they wait for the host of the game to start the next one. The Impostor may also "Vent", meaning they dive into a small vent. However, if they're seen doing so, or killing everyone, they will almost certainly be voted out, as none of the other players will have the ability to do either. You also have the ability to sabotage the spaceship, meaning you can deplete oxygen, close doors randomly, turn off the lights, etcetera. And lastly, you cannot be killed as The Impostor! Only voted out by other players. If you are a "Crewmate", your objective is to complete helpful tasks for your fellow crewmates, try to figure out who The Impostor is, and protect your team. Each crewmate is given a series of tasks to perform, mostly very easy, that will slowly help your team win the game, as well as prove that you aren't The Impostor. Some of the tasks are a bit more difficult than others, but they're all relatively straightforward. As a crewmate, just like The Impostor, you may report bodies that you find on the floor of the spaceship. However, there is the occasional risk of someone claiming that you've "self-reported", meaning that they think you killed someone and then immediately reported the body. You also have the power to call emergency meetings, (The Impostor does as well, but the feature is used much more often by crewmates) which have the same effect as reporting a body would. You can get killed, as well as voted out if you are a crewmate. On the surface, the game looks 100% perfect. Not quite, unfortunately. In the chat function, players are fully free to say whatever they please, including harassing others, swearing, and the occasional threat. There is an option for the chat to be censored, but the censoring is somewhat obvious to see through, as it just puts asterisks instead of some of the letters in the censored word. For example, "Motherf--ker" would be **********er, so it's truly pretty transparent in most cases. And even so, the chat is as easy to turn off as it is to turn on. There are also some combinations of words that won't get censored. It's imperfect. The same deal is with people's names, they can be quite offensive at times. Overall, the game is fantastic, and I truly recommend it for all ages. Just make sure that your kids know not to meet up with anybody in real life from the game, and they should be fine. The game is free on iPhone, and $4.99 on steam. I sincerely hope this was very helpful.
This is a very fun game! The main point of the game is if your a crewmate, you need to do tasks across the map. if your the imposter, you have to sabotage, and kill all the crewmates. There is a good amount of violence, if you are imposter, you slice off a crewmates head, it is not bloody or gory. If you get killed, you see the imposter kill you in a bloody way. The graphics are in 2-D so it is not realistic. The online chat can be bad sometimes, there are people swearing, or saying terrible things to one another. Just watch out if that happens. All in all this is a fantastic murder mystery game!
Too easy. Not fun at all, being a crewmate or impostor sucks. The graphics are terrible. I guess a 5 year old could find it fun. But it's just so, so easy. If you play it it's like saying your deductive reasoning abilities are horrible.
