It's a good game, but...
A Game that Does Not Reach it's Full Potential
Play this with my little cousin
Little to easy
I love it
Pok?mon let's go Pikachu
This game is amazing
that parent needs to chill.
Amazing
Gotta Catch Em All!
Awesome
Good game
Good, but could be better
Not the best pokemon game, but it's still really good
fun
Amazing game!
This was my first Pokemon game. When I got the game, I was so excited to start playing. Everything was okay, until I went to the Cerulean Gym. It was those people you gotta battle before you fight the gym leader. They were wearing bikinis. - _ - Bikinis! Listen, if you are a parent don't worry, just make sure your kid beats those people quick, 'kay?
The Game is very good for a casual standpoint and I agree: Graphics are Meh as I see them as it feels like Pok?mon Handheld in HD The gameplay as it isn't fast enough and pacing is atrocious with the weird leveling system There is so much padding for me as I don't want to waster my time and catch 50 Pok?mon species just to access the 5th gym The End P.S The catching is as fast as a Hydra Splatling from Splatoon 2 But the theme is good as you stop a evil organization from taking Pok?mon Some people are great role models as an example is Trace who helps you with your adventure and gives you a revive to help your adventure a tad amount.
Really good game me and my 6 year old brother love it. You have to be good at doing trades and stuff.
Personally think its a decent game as a long time pokemon fan, its great for introducing younger kids into Pokemon. My little Cousin didnt understand the game but was intrested when she was 3, but when she became 5 she started understanding. Theres mild violence and mild adultery references that kids dont get so its fine. Although they do get bored over time if you play it for too long.
Great Pok?mon game just a little to easy
I had gotten this game when it first came out and I automatically fell in love with the game as it brought back old memories. This game is super fun and very addicting in my opinion.
I don't know
Great game fun for families I love playing against my friends its cute pokemon
She keeps overreacting. I am going to flag her crappy review of this game until it gets taken down OR CSM closes her "account" Game might be easy, but still fun
Parents are over reacting. And one patent said that his 10 or 15 year old son can’t watch TV? HOW DARE YOU. And you also don’t kill Pok?mon you know them out so it’s easier to capture them. And they want to get captured to get loved If you are that parent YOU ARE CRAZY! And also you didn’t like fire because it’s the symboled of Hell? You Got to be kidding me. I’m chathloc and I think your over reacting PATENTS AGNORRE that review
Fun but im stuck, yes its a English family friendly dub of Pok?mon what the actual hell do you expect!?! its soo fun but again im stuck so if somebody could help me also pokemon anime is the best! really good game just a little disappointed
This game teaches the value of friendship among other things. Very mild violence. It also has good cut scenes. Also there are women with big boobs and bikinis. Nintendo, what the earth boyo. Anyway it is a great game.
the first 3D pokeamon game it cool and you can buy a Pokeball control stick.
Honestly, I have no experience of this game. My stepmom plays it. I think the game could be much better if they allow you to actually battle the Pok?mon before catching them. I love Pok?mon Sun more than this. Yes, they made the game easier for the little ones, but it’s not fun for older kids. My stepmom found it fun. I would only play this if they add battling and SUPPORT FOR THE FRIGGIN PRO CONTROLLER!!! I think the only adult who was sensible enough to post was Holly R. Kudos to you.
Its really good, there is some violence because pokemon faint when gained to much damage, I like the ultra sun and moon a little better because it's easier to catch pokemon but it's still really good
hi guys doig reviews is fun im really glad my mom made me this account. i like catching pokemon in this game its cool. my mom doesnt like the game much though so i cant play until im in middle school i think. my mom said shes deciding because she still cant trust andrew. i want to make morereviews now i hope i find more cool things
I really enjoyed exploring the Kanto Region, which I've never seen and actually battle against some ACTUAL HUMANS IN GYMS! Seriously, the trials in Sun/Moon were confusing. However, I was let down with barely any new Pokemon as I had filled my Kanto Pokedex in Sun
how do you play
killer7 is a masterpiece of surreal horror, but it can wait for now
it good kinds
This game is very good. It’s easily the most vast tale I’ve ever gotten myself into, and likely you will ever get into as well (if you do decide to play this). It simply oozes with style and isn’t that pretentious about it either. It puts the style first and then story, but the plot is still allowed to shine multiple times throughout the game. It has a lot of replay value just because of how much one might miss on their first, second, or third playthough. That being said though, this is a site based on rating content, not just by how good it may be, but the surface-level stuff. This game is very violent. Blood being a main mechanic is the least of the parents’ worries. There is a character that abuses the person she is taking care of. A villain of one of the game’s chapters (Encounter to be specific) murders a man’s family then the man himself. The main characters are assassins. Normally, I would be fine with this. Despite the disturbing content, which definitely deserves an ‘M’ rating and nothing else, it’s story has important themes revolving around death and existentialism. One of the game’s main plot threads is a man discovering what his previous actions were and then accepting them. Accepting the past is important to one’s life, and the man decides to cut ties in the end with his past to get over it, embracing his previous identity to the fullest. However, this game should only really be played by adults because of its subject matter and how it’s portrayed. Going in you will be lost and confused, and likely not pick it up again. I didn’t really come to appreciate this game after about my fourth play through. I still don’t understand everything quite yet. I really don’t think the messages here are relevant to anyone under the age of eighteen. They’re important, but not right now to younger people like myself.
one of my favourite games of all time.
Not that bad
Getting better
It’s not bad
Great Game! Also Not That Bad for kids.
Played the game for 1000+ hours since release, I figured it's time to share.
What I Live for!
It depends on your kid and their interusts
Amazing Game
animated blood and Drugs.
Glitchy, Toxic, overrated
Do your kids a favour and dont buy this game
Not at all bad
Not at all bad
Really Cool
Better than Expected
Bethesda you broke my heart
Good game, not for under 13s.
Let me preface this by saying: I am no stranger to Fallout 76. I got it over the Christmas holidays (I'm in Australia so that is our summer holidays, 8 weeks). I had a serious injury due to rugby league, so I had nothing to do, except for play Fallout. So because of that I now have around 450 hours in the game. Although that may be, Fallout 76 is definitely for a particular audience, it isn't scary, it isn't violent, and there is no sex whatsoever. However, you are able to use fictional performance enhancing drugs, these may increase one of your S.P.E.C.I.A.L stats (Strength, Perception, Endurance, Charisma, Intelligence, Agility, Luck). However, you definitely need to enjoy the previous games, it can get boring. All you really do is wander the wasteland, do missions, kill mutated enemies. There are many fantastic questlines in the game, the excavator mission, the mysteries missions, the nukashine mission, and the enclave questline. The excavator mission allows you to get the plan for the excavator power armour, and the plan for the power armour station. The mysteries missions give you trophies (only on PlayStation) and exclusive guns, the nukashine quest gives you two extra workbenches (added into the game recently) and the enclave is the best one, it allows you to join the enclave (a faction in the previous fallout games), being a general in the enclave permits you to launch nuclear bombs. Overall, I think this is a fantastic game, yes it has gotten lots of hate but that would be from people who thought they would like it but ended up not. Buying the game would be a definite yes!
Not that bad. The players are nice (unless your stealing) . The gore is slightly realistic but it’s not excessive. There are drugs but they are called chems(if you take too much you can get addicted which has bad side effects so that’s a positive message I guess) as well as drinking. 75% of the time your fighting mutated bugs and animals. There is ALOT of teamwork involved. You become a Boy Scout as well. You can build bases as well. Other people can destroy your structures so if little jimmy has attachment issues tell him to not build.
This game, upon release was very buggy. It is a lot better now. For the mature content, there is language if you listen to holotapes or robot character dialogue. However, it is rare to hear any language, and is, for the most part, avoidable. Something else mostly avoidable is drugs. There are real drugs such as alcohol and fictional drugs. These give some positive benefits, but also some negative. If you use too much you can get addicted and cause negative effects while not under the influence. You don’t have to use them, but they are found commonly around the world, and there are some challenges or quests where you may have to consume one. And violence. The most violent animation is swinging a knife, but where most of the violence is is in the blood and gore. There is large amounts of blood with all enemies, and there is a fair amount of decapitation/loss of limb and gore. The only humans (as of now) is other players, so violence with actual humans is rare, and barely present. There are however, 2 types of enemies that are ghoulified humans, or simply put, zombies. Overall this game is getting better and can be handled by teenagers, but may be to violent or scary for kids. Oh yeah, and there are lots of mutated beasts... beware!
You CAN turn off blood and gore and there is not too much violence. When I played it it wasn’t bad and it’s a good game for 8 and up. Good adventure game!
Okay, first of all: this game is not that buggy! Yes there are barely any bugs anymore. As for blood and gore and violence, Skyrim is WAY worse. They don't decapitate someone in the beginning of fallout 76! They do in skyrim. There is no sex, the swearing is minimal, there is some drugs called chems but the strange thing is you can actually addicted to them, messing up your game VERY badly. Which is a good message! stay off drugs! Oh, and the controls are easy to master. Almost all other FPS' I can think of are more bloody than this game. The only thing I would be concerned about is the fact that it's online. But Bethesda games are usually good at handling bullies, so it is a very nice online community. Overall, if your kid is age 10 and up and is moderately mature they will be fine and love playing this game.
Good game, if your child is mature, if your child is a 10 year old, and they can take a movie like end game, then they can handle this game, shotgun's can cause a head being blown off and blood everywhere, but with the graphic's it looks like paint. Great soundtrack, including Bing Crosby, Andrew Sister's, and Danny Kane. Lot's of language but no F Bomb's, the occasional shit, or damn, but never the F word, no racist word's but, if your child is a person that like's spending money on stuff they don't need then this game is not for your child, as other player's can set up shops and sell any item they obtain while playing. Great game I do recommend it to older kids.
SEX&lt; DRUGS&lt; AND ALCOHOL, WHAT I LIVE FOR!
Now look... I'm only 14 as a disclaimer but have been playing this game since release and have had 0 problems. That goes without saying maybe your kid will have an issue I don't know. As far as I've played which is the whole map I have seen maybe like 10 hostile people(raiders which are humans who try to kill you.) The language is really very scarce and you'll get some swearing from the raider faction which really isn't too often or horrible (If your kid is 13+ he's already heard worse.) There is blood in the game but unless you use the bloody mess perk most of the time it isn't to bad like previous Fallout games. As for the Drugs/Alcohol... They are COMPLETELY optional. I for one am around a level 70 which is pretty high and took me months and I for one have never used drugs or alcohol. They can give you BAD addictions which in the long run hurt more than help. All I can say is that I'm 14 and a pretty more matured 14 year old but this game never gave me one issue. It's for the people who like to explore adventure collect be free and have fun. I have to say the original Common Sense Says... Reviews were harsh and probably only because the game got a bad star rating which kinda makes me mad. Well that's all in the end if your kid is mature he or she shouldn't have an issue but idk bc I don't want to assume.
The Character voices are mutable for those parents who don't like swearing!
After playing fallout 76 I realized its not all that bad. All my friends started playing it today when it came out on game pass on July 9th, the game does not really have any NPC acting as humans. Its kinda like ARK just a little bit more bloody. There are drugs such as Chems in the game, if you drink too much you have to suffer the consequenses of being addicted to it. I haven't encountered anything horror like yet because I mostly like gathering resources to build my dream base. The franchise is supposed to be horror but there isnt scary music and the lighting is really bright, if your looking to be in an open-world post nuclear apocolaptic world and you like to explore I highly recomend this game. There is not any sexual content nudity. The swearing is what I think got this game to a 17+. In a game one F bomb can turn a game into a 17+ game based on experience. The blood is really animated so its really not all that bad.
The game is too glitchy and the community is toxic asf. And bethesda thinks its the best game ever. Also, fallout 1st is a joke. $100 a year is too much.
This game is a buggy, pay to win, microtransaction filled, unplayable game. No sane human wants this game, spend your money on anything else other than this.
Fallout 76 is mildly bloody and not at any gore what’s so ever or swearing the game does not deserve to be ma
Fallout 76 is mildly bloody and not at any gore what’s so ever or swearing the game does not deserve to be ma
FALLOUT 76 is a very gory science-fiction game. There is some drinking and also some rare use of salty language. The main thing parents will need to know about is the violence, blood and gore.
Compared to Fallout 4, this is a child's game. There are no raiders to cuss at you, there are no other humans (NPCs,) making it harder for you to see exploding heads, only seeing it when near other people, which is rare (25 per server.) There are fictional drugs, called chems, and alcohol, but these both give you negative side effects as well as positive ones.
