Not as bad as they say
Don't even bother buying this pile of Garbage
Fallout 76 is awesome
A Fans take on the Game
Great Potential but Many Bugs
It is not nearly as gory or bloody as the other fallout games and I have only seen one head come off and no limbs explode as they do in fallout 4. There is some language from robots and creatures used but usually will not be very strong or frequent.
Like the previous titles, this game presents in a post apocalyptic world where the player can explore the dark and contaminated environment which is also dangerous as there are many monsters and weird creatures that would cause harm and likely to kill you. Although as a big fan of the Fallout Franchise since Fallout 1. I recommend to not buy this game because it's overall a cash grab and the it is terrible. There is no offline feature where you need an internet connection to play unlike the previous game, Fallout 4. There are micro-transactions where you can spend money to purchase in game currency for the purpose of cosmetics, weapons or nooks and crannies. It's not worth sixty dollars, in fact it should've been a free to play game because of the features that it has similarly to another game containing micro-transactions. Too much consumerism. Violence is not a problem because it's buggy and poor from what it's presented to the player. The Graphics are another problem because performs bad and the world feels bland and unusual.
I'm a teenager and I absolutely love the fallout series and I might be under 18 to play this game but I absolutely love it! And I love Bethesda's games to. Fallout 76 is mostly hated because people hate glitches and bugs some of the bugs make the game fun I play on ps4 and there are no bugs for me I recommend this game to fallout fans and people who like fallout and want to play with there friends. I recommend the game to 14 and up. And to warn you there is a lot of violence,Gore,and drug Usage and I bit of swearing. Thanks for reading my review and I hope you will play this game it's available for PS4,Xbox one, and PC!
Just a disclaimer before I give my actual review I am a big fallout fan and have played every game except fallout 1 and enjoy the franchise and this is my first review so sorry if it is hard to understand After playing the game fore 3 weeks I have a hard time calling it perfect but the story was really interesting and the way it was delivered was unique for a RPG and being able to relive most of fallout 4s best mechanics and style was a blast and the side quests and events were top notch even if they did have a few bug. No part of the world felt empty weather it was in a city, in a cave, the middle of the forest, and in every building and dungeon there was something to do wether it was simply gathering wood and scrap or lunching a nuke with the factions, witch for not have NPCs were really fleshed out and had lots of lore or expected on pre-existing lore. However the balance of certain items and the bugs are things that can’t be excused but don’t make the game as bad some people say.
I have been a huge fan of the Fallout franchise for years now. My good friend and I both pre-ordered the game the first week it was available, and we were giddy with anticipation all the way up to the release date. That being said, Fallout 76 could be much better. The game itself is great and the multiplayer aspect is amazing. But it is filled with bugs and glitches that sometimes make the game unbearable to play. I believe this is due to the fact that the beta for the game only came out about 2 weeks before the actual full release, not allowing the studio enough time to fix all the bugs that were found during the beta. I recommend waiting to buy the game until some of the bugs are fixed (probably a couple weeks to a month), but definitely get it at some point. I think the game is appropriate for ages 14 plus, maybe a bit before or after for certain kids. There is a lot (and I mean ALOT) of blood and gore. More than any of the other Fallout games I remember. But it’s definitely not too much to handle for most high school students, who have probably seen much worse in movies and other games. Not a lot of language in the game itself but players can talk to other people online which opens up a lot of possibilities for profanity. Overall its a great game that hasn’t reached it’s potential (yet). It is appropriate for most high school students and definitely a good buy if you are already a fan of Fallout.
Surprisingly difficult
Really Good Present
AWESOME GOOD FOR KIDS
This remake of a beloved series is surprisingly difficult despite the cartoonish graphics.
It’s a really good game which is easy to play. Children 6 and up would probably enjoy this game.
LET YOUR KIDS GET THIS GAME, BY THE WAY, IT IS 40$ AT GAMESTOP!
If your child asks for games with a higher age rating than there age
Great Game
Not gory and very tactical
fun and creative
The best agent 47 game ever
Not what you think
The rating is not very accurate
Not as bad as you think
18+ is a lie
CSM missed the mark
Quality Game - but many warning signs
Hitman 2
If Your Kid Is Responsible.
Violent but not too bloody
Great game
Good game
Addictive game
Amazing!
This is a great game it is classed puzzle and action your first thoughts on the nam (hitman) is super violent blood bath but it is not the game urges you not to kill anyone apart from the selected person if you kill a non target the mission fails. You can switch the swearing and gore off in the settings taking the rating down to a twelve they rate it way to high most James Bond films are more violent than this parents get it for your child if they are 13 or over.
Obviously this game has for however it is not that bad and the blood is unrealistic swearing is minimal however there are a few words spread throughout the game however if your kid is over 10 they would of heard these words before more in a day than in this whole game you should consider buying this game as it is really great and it has no sexual content.
It gets your brain thinking using the least gore and bad language as possible and I would defiantly recommend it to teens and adults as in my opinion is Not a very gory adult like shooter.
this game really makes you use your noggin. the game recommends that you stay sneaky and go in a bloodbath, unlike the other popular shooters. not that bad. barely any swears and no gore. let your kids play if they know that everything that is done in the game is not to be replicated in real life.
This game is amazing. If parents fear for there kids minds, thier is a setting to turn swears and gore off. You play as the ultimate assassin going around the world assassinating targets from Miami florda to brazil. The worst thing is if you want dlc maps you must buy the expansion pass. But everything else is awsome. Solid 8/10
Overall, this game isn’t that violent. The only violent part is the cutscenes after missions but you can skip over them by pressing one button. Does get a little bit repetitive after a while but overall a great game. Only reason I put 13+ is because the people you assassinate are people that run drug cartels and stuff like that. I’d say if your child is mature enough then give them the game when they are 12 maybe. The blood is fairly minimal and you would get the same action as a Lego guy oozing out red bricks or something. It also lets you be creative on how you want to kill your target because there are hundreds of ways to kill your targets. If it’s walking up to the target and shooting them right in the head with a gun, poisoning their drink or pushing them off of a 10 storey building.
I have played this game for a year, and think it is not that bad. There is no gore, and the blood is unrealistic. There are few truly bad messages that kids will internalize. I believe that your child is mature enough, they can play away and be fine.
It may seem that it has insane gore or blood, but it has minimal blood and is non-existent most of the time. The game does not encourages you to kill everyone because it negatively affect your score.
Hitman is a puzzle game where you must eliminate terrorists disguised as famous celebrities across the globe and the game does not have that much violence compared to other games COD BFV ect ect it is a must pick if you like stealth and action games
This game does have violence but not nearly as much as common sense media would like people to believe this game is for mature people who understand the separation between video games and life.
There is violence throughout the game (due to the main character being an assassin) however there is little blood, it’s only shown after you shoot or stab someone and they will fall to the floor leaving a small puddle of blood. When you have an axe or other bladed or pointed weapon and you throw it at someone there body falls to the floor and the weapon is visible sticking out of them. Other than this I do not think there’s any blood/gore. Throughout the game occasionally when your close to a NPC you can hear them speaking and they will occasionally swear, I this dialogue can be disabled in settings..
Had to write a review because the other ones for Hitman 2 are very badly written. Hitman 2 is about a hitman (you), who is hired to kill people. There’s mild blood and moderate amounts of violence. Mild cussing and alcohol and drug reference. Major reference to cocaine, as one scene of the game is in a cocaine plant. As of now I am 16, and I am smart enough to know that I should never use such violence or use drugs. I put a 15+ rating because it really depends on your child and whether you think he or she is smart enough to realize that the things they are doing in the game are illegal and stupid to do in real life. If you feel like they’re ready then go for it, otherwise talk to them beforehand about topics like drugs and gun violence. I don’t believe that this game will cause your child to become a school shooter, just because you have to think in the game like a puzzle sort of game, rather than for example Call Of Duty, where you aimlessly shoot to kill. However, I am not liable for any of those statements. If you do feel like your child is receiving bad ideas/tendencies from this game, take it away as they are not properly attentive enough to understand that it’s not to be repeated in real life. The main message of this review is: make sure your child is smart about violent games like this one!
Hitman 2, the sequel to 2016's Hitman, is a stealth thriller in which your job is to eliminate various targets across a variety of missions, progressively getting harder. Throughout the game there are references to drugs (one mission is centered around illegal drug trafficking, during which bricks of cocaine can be seen) , coarse language can be heard in the game's dialogue and people can be seen drinking alcohol in some levels. The main point, however, is the violent methods used to eliminate targets: shooting, stabbing, strangling, poisoning, feeding to wild animals, blowing up and much more. These scenes of violence are often accompanied by blood splatters and intense music. In conclusion, unless you think your child can handle it, Hitman 2 shouldn't be played by people under the age of 17. It's rated M for a reason.
First this game is an MASTERPIECE. I wanted it since I saw it and when I got it I was so happy. The swearing is quite frequent but just turn off the volume, it's not necessary. It was easy to play but there was a lot of violence and gore. Overall I think you could give this game to a twelve year old or responsible 10 year old.
Obviously you are a professional assassin, you can do violent attacks and stuff like that, but is it bloody, nah, not really, although there are mild blood stains here and there it's not so bad for an 18+ rating. Strong language is minor but strong: f words, s words and c**ksucker.
The cussing is rare but it does happen. Yes there is drinking, and smoking. There are no drugs actually used but on the Colombia map you can go into a section on the map that is a cocaine factory. There is no sex besides on the beach where you can see revealing clothing. This is a good game.
Don’t know why it’s an 18 you can barely see the blood except when enthasised on the floor
This game is very fun no gore and occasionally swears but no to the extent of games like gta
This is a great game that I really enjoyed playing myself and I think that you should to if you are a parent sitting reading through these reviews to see whether or not it is suitable for your kid to play Hit man 2 it is most likely suitable for you kid to play if they are over 10 or 11 years old this is because common sense media overrates things there is gore in the game as you kill people there is very little swearing in the first place and the language used would of already been heard at school before. It includes no sexual content unless you include it sometimes being implied within conversations or you being able down dead characters down to there underpants. Buy this game because it is just genuinely a good game. And most kids by age 11 will be able to handle the content within the game.
Violent, but nothing you wouldn't see in 13+ movies.
If jhon wick was in a video game
violence
Game about a hitman who disguises himself in a crowd and has to take down 2 targest in order to win the level, all while not getting arrested. It's whole plot is to kill others, and shows little gore, however isn't anything worse than what you would see in a 13+ rated movie. Includes bad language as well, but nothing bad, just the occasional f*ck or sh*t.
When you see the pic on the cover of Hitman 2 parent's will use 6th sense and say no. BUT if you read this review you will change your mind. First of this is not a military shooter, but more like a stealthy Assasin sort of thing. you don't just use guns, you really expand your creativity to eliminate the target. In the first mission you could go loud and fail the mission, or plant a bomb on the car. Secondly, the game does not encourage violence, but rather make your kill look like an accident, and only kill your target. You also have the choice to knock out people to gain outfits. For curse words, there are some S**t though the game. This game is multiplayer but not on a global scale or anything like that. There are no filters because the only weapon that you use that will reward you with a splash of blood is your pistol.
sure the game swears, but with most games you can turn of the the players dialogue, the gore is mostly just firearms and there is no real graphic scenes. Nudity, you can subdue men and take there close exposing there underwear, but thats about it. THIS HITMAN ISN"T LIKE OTHERS.
