Perfectly fine as long as you're mature
I’m tired of Common sense media
Pretty Kid Friendly
This game is pretty good
WHAT!?!
Red dead remdemtion 2
The End of the Wild West
Based on your child's maturity
Best Open World Shooter Of Arguably All Time
Gory but is fine otherwise.
This is an ok game
Violent, gory, but great game.
Extremely immersive
Teens can play
best game
This is a great game.
Amazing game!
Not as bad as Grand Theft Auto, Great for Teens!
Just Play It
Great Game, Good Lessons, but Violent
While there is plenty of gun violence in this game, overuse of it is discouraged and other characters will disassociate themselves from morally bad players. Drinking and drugs have bad effects and are not glorified in any way. There is no nudity, only sexual references. There is one scene where you save a woman from getting raped but there is no actual depiction of the action and the rapist is shown to be a bad person. There is nothing in this game that is worse than what you what watch in a typical action movie, perhaps with the exception of (very) slightly more detailed violence. As long as you are mature and can handle what I have mentioned, there is no reason not to play this game.
First of all this game is pretty much a marvel movie but playable. What I mean by that is if you child has watched a marvel movie he can play this game. Secondly common sense media always exaggerates with age rating. “In this game you can rob things and engage in criminal acts AND chew Tabaco”. ITS A FLIPING COWBOY GAME. THE COMMON SENSE MEDIA GUYS NEED TO WACH A FLIPING CLINT EASTWOOD MOVIE. Of corse you can rob stuff and act like a ACTUAL COWBOY. Also the nudity part, if your kid has watched the a love movie or Titanic he/she can play this. Yes you do have some close up shots of headshots but it isn’t like gta where bits of the head go flying. Another thing is the decisions, your child can pick wether he wants to kill or spare 80% of the time. The cussing is pretty much standard the f bomb like 1 time and a couple b words IN SENSIBLE TIMES TO ADD TO THE STORY. Lastly there are some things where you kill and skin animals but that’s very mild.
First, lest address the violence. There is dismemberment with all limbs. When shooting someone there is blood splatter and when mortally mounding someone a trail is formed. Language is ok. There is a lot of d*nm and sh*t. Not a lot of f-bomb. There is one case of the n-word though. There really isn’t a lot of sex. There are prostitutes but you can’t go with them. The worst you see are ruffle type clothing that they wore to sleep. There is lots of smoking, and alcohol. You also have to buy things in-order to play the game. If a kid is asking to play just set some limits like no in-game baths and stuff like that and they should be good.
I’m not gonna lie, this game is very good nonetheless...tho, there is a lot of language and sexual, ‘things’ in it. Do I think that kids under the age of 15 should play this? No, not really, even tho I play it, and I’m under the age of 15. Other than that stuff this game is (as I’ve said before) amazingly good.
Ok I read the common sense review and I honestly can’t believe what they are saying. The swearing is not bad at all it’s no more than in a pegi 13 movie! There is only one sex scene that is optional just when your drunk in the bar don’t walk into the rooms on the top floor and it’s only for a small second and you don’t see anything that bad. There is very little blood and 90% of the time you are too far away to even see it. Honestly I would let a 9 year old play it. As long as they know not to repeat the words it might say it is completely fine. Great game
This game is amazing. You ca. Interact with so much. Let’s start off with violence. This game has shooting, stabbing. There is some blood but nothing graphic about it. There is no gore at all, just blood. Barley any close ins either. Language. There is very minimal language. I have heard almost nothing. Nudity. This game doesn’t deserve the nudity rating. You see a naked women.There is nothing to see besides a very brief butt. It is only for like a second. Drinking. Tons of drinking. There is a bar scene where you are drink looking for your friend. I hope this helps!
*Possible Spoiler Warning* Red Dead Redemption 2 is a very lengthy and gripping tale of the ending of the cowboy era. The story follows a gang of outlaws trying to survive in a world that does not want them in it any longer. The game is very violent and very emotional, especially towards the end. I will be breaking down this review by category (Does NOT include Red Dead Online). -Violence : Very, very violent game. Blood sprays after bullets hit enemies, slow-mo of the effects are very graphic. Shotguns and sniper rifles can dismember enemies. While exploring the world, I found people cut in half hanging upside down between trees, with their intestines hanging out of their bodies. Knives can be used to quietly kill enemies, resulting in bloody aftermath. You can hunt animals and skin them which results in skinless animals (obviously) which may be disturbing for some. -Language : Very frequent use of language in this game. Uses of F**k, S**t, B***h, Damn, Goddamn. There are some uses of the N word, which at the time was used to describe black people (good job for the historical accuracy....). -Sexual content and nudity : Very little of it. There is one scene where you walk in on two people having sex, the woman's breasts and buttocks are visible, but it's for a second or two. There also an attempted rape on a member of your gang, your character obviously stops it. A side quest involves a woman who turned to prostitution after her husband's death (her decision is not well seen, she takes it to help her son so they can survive). -Drinking, Drugs and Smoking : Minimal forced use of substances, but can be abused by the player. You have no limits as to how much substance you can consume, but the game punishes you for over using this feature. Substances include rum, whisky, cocaine gum, chewing tabacco, cigars, cigarettes, etc. There is one part of the game that has you under the effect of alcohol overdose, which might not be too pleasing to some parents. *Spoilers* -Positive messages : This is a story about redemption. The main character starts off as someone who follows orders blindly under the pretense of loyalty, and as the story develops he starts to question his gang's motives. He later finds out he has tuberculosis and does not have very long to live. He chooses to help a friend of his escape, and at the end the player has the choice to help the friend or abandon him for money. Whatever the choice, the friend escapes and the main character succumbs to his illness after a heartbreaking scene (if you chose to help the friend). This game is NOT for the faint of heart. It presents the themes of redemption and true loyalty, loyalty to good and to truth. -Positive role models : What really gets you with this game is the evolution of the characters. The characters are incredibly well developed and their stories are captivating. Their decisions shape the story. The main character is probably one of the best protagonists in video games ever, but I do not see him as a good role model, not until chapter 6. All in all, the game is a masterpiece and I would recommend it to everyone out there who can play it and is 17 years or older. It tells a very moving story and teaches you to question your actions. Beautiful is the simplest way to describe the game.
I'd say 10+ there is language but not that much I've played for 75+ hours and haven't seen any nudity overall it can be a t rated game if you didn't have as much freedom to be bad
Great game, open world allows you to do whatever you want: hunting, fishing, side missions, exploring, kayaking, etc. This wide array of things to do, can make it to where you will never encounter something bad. The Story is about the dying ways of the wild west, and you are a gang leader, trying to survive when you have other gangs, and lawmakers after you. There is violence, but not over the top, and there is some cursing, but not too much. Overall great game.
This game is fine for +10 if they have self control at close range with a shotgun you can blow off someone's head but it is completely optional and you have to go out of your way to do this. There is one mission in story mode where the goal is to get drunk and shows the player stumbling around with a shaking screen. The character is shown smoking in cutscenes sometimes but is optional to smoke in free roaming. There is an online mode but involves little to no interaction with other players. Players are encouraged to do good deeds and help NPC's (non player characters) by having a good karma meter that makes you have store discounts but having a bad one makes you more likely to be robbed or attacked by people on the side of the road With a great 80 hour campaign and countless things to do in online mode this game is great for people over 10.
This game has a bit violence and blood but I think if your kids is mature he or she can handle it and the other 18 pl?s aspects of this video game.
Just don't buy this for your kids parents. We know you think you know it all, but don't do it. For the love of god, please don't.
Ok, First off let's clear some things up YES this game has language. Yes, this game has Beer, Whiskey, and the ability to smoke. Also, there are women that wear short tops but no nudity. The language can be intense/mild, depending on the situation. The game is not like GTA language-wise. Also, a good thing to mention is this is made by rockstar the people who made GTA V, and don't listen to teens when they say GTA is Okay it is not. Back to red dead, The game has a TON of stuff to do and side missions/minigames. You can play poker, chop wood, or go hunting. there is a lot of blood, and sometimes dismemberment. Some of the things I have heard in the game are not language I would think a kid under the age of 12 needs to hear with some intense stuff. ONE MAJOR thing is that in the campaign you can kill a women right activist, That had some controversy so that is another thing. This game is a long one 40+ hours you could spend, and become really immersed, shooting up towns getting bounties, etc. There is also some inappropriate things. If a kid under 13 wants to play this game I suggest you play at LEAST 2-3 hours of the game doing missions.
Great story and great game overall, teens will not find this disturbing.
dude theres no sex pg 13 level of language damn hell goddamn shit no n words sexual themes they mention rape but don't show it and they ladies are implied to be prostitutes but thats all violence is tame
I think this game is quite violent and there is a heavy use of alcohol and smoking, but I think a kid of the age of 11 play this depending on their maturity. This game is incredibly done, it has the best graphics I have seen in a game before, and it has a great story.
first off, this game is a whole experience. The story is compelling and i believe kids should be able to play it. The message of the game is really good. Also, it doesn't have THAT much swearing. Easily my favorite game to date. If you are worried about violence, this game has quite a lot of that. But if you have a child that can handle it, this game is a must have.
This game is excellent, but is it for kids. This game shouldn't be played by little kids. The game is not as bad as GTA though. There morals and different endings based on your honor. Basically your "honor" is similar to GTA's "respect" . Except you gain honor by doing good things to everyone in the game. You can be the good guy or the bad guy. Violence is a thing in this game, especially the incredible details and realisim of this game. For example; If you shot someone in the leg with a shotgun, there leg will come off and there bone will stick out. Your horse's balls can be shown, it will shrink depending on the temperature. An human or animal corspe will eventually decay if you wait in-game time, 3-4 days. This game takes place in 1899, it's a prequel. So as expected in the late 19th century, you'll come across some inspirations. For example, late in the game you'll come across the Ku Klux Klan. But they don't say anything crazy, you can kill them too. For a game taking place in 1899, racism is at a minimum. You can see some White and Blacks hanging out. The game has inspirations, in some parts of the map. You'll meet a couple, there actually siblings. There murderers who killed there parents and bury them. A skull of there deceased mother can be found in there locker. Overall it's a western GTA game, but with less sex, profanity, and women are protrayed normal instead of hookers like in GTA.
Best game ive ever played no violence or anything. Just please try it.
First off, this is a wonderful game. 10/10. It does have some violence in it, but for the most part it's very mild. Just gunshots and small amounts of blood. However, there are specific missions and sidequests with more blood and gore but these are entirely optional. There are prostitutes in the game, but nothing sexually explicit ever happens. There is language but nothing too bad and not that often. The game also demonstrates positive role models and messages. It shows consequences for bad decisions and rewards for good ones.
