amazing
The best game ever made
A true work of art
Very good game.
Common sense review is WAY over dramatic
It is a fantastic game
The game with the amount of Detials
Intense, violent western is also beautiful and profound
Kids nowadays know a lot
Not that bad
RDR2
Best videogame ever
I think rdr2 is amazing
Read dead 2
Adult Only
Good game but not 10+
Havent played the game but it looks amazing
My favourite video game of all time i almost cried when eh spoiler alert . . ...... ...... ........ Arthur died
Not only is this an amazing game with a wonderful graphics but also has an amazing storyline. This game is a great way to make you undertake certain things and how being honourable and nice can benefit you and that some people you cant always trust. This game gave me advice and i didnt even know it. Things to be aware of: Alot of drugs, and i mean a lot. The game has 3 different types of smokes, dozens of different alcoholic beverages which you need to consume a thing called ‘dead eye’ which helps a player shoot. A lot of swearing. This is set in the 1890s, what do you expect. Dont think theres sex in the game, only thing i can think of is that you can get a woman to give you a bath in the hotel, she is fully clothed though. Just a bit of cleavage. Lots of violence. From torture to murder to suicide. Might frighten your child if you let them play.
Rdr2 is not as bad as other rockstar games like Gta V or La Noire.There is certainly violence but cod is worse.Like gta u can kill random people.There is also strong profanity:People say the game is full of substances but you ther than the names and one mission there really not that bad
This is a review of single player. Content It is a western, so there is a lot of violence in both the gameplay and cutscenes. It can get really graphic, but the game lets you decide if you want to be a good person or not with the honor system. Drinking and smoking is basically everywhere, and can be indulged by the player, but that is also a choice (except for one level). Language isn't frequent, but some words may be unfamiliar to young teens (such as racial epithets). Sex isn't a big issue aside from some racy Easter eggs. Quality I don't even know where to begin. The characters and story are riveting, and are brought to life by the fantastic cast. The open world is huge, immersive, beautiful, detailed, and has a TON of things to do and see. It's one of the only games where getting from one place to another doesn't feel like a chore, simply riding your horse and taking in the environment around you is enjoyable. I did have to get use to the manual controls (cocking guns, cooking, skinning prey, etc.), but I got the hang of it after a short while. In terms of flaws, the wanted system is a bit unfair, and I wish there were more bounty contracts in single player. It's a must have if your fine with the long story and realistic mechanics.
Its a very fun game with a great story, great graphics and very fun mechanics. Its definetly worth a try, but it does not desere an 18+ rating.
It says f-ck once and all the other swears are mild. And there is a child mode to turn down the violence and gore. And it barely has anything with sex in it, and you don’t have an answer option to do anything with prostitutes, you can ONLY decline, or reject. Red dead 2 is a great game with positives messages everywhere the people who reviewed it didn’t really look for them. So, I think kids 14 and up can handle it, the gore and everything.
i think the game has little to no sexual game play and maybe 3 to 4 swear words overall the game is a wonderful experience and if you are really strict you can provide your child with limits to what he can do also through the game you strive to be good as good honor gives a better ending which everyone wants
Welp i never played it but saw the videos its so so awesome i mean the detials man the graphics but yeah the violonce since they have realistic body disembrent prefer it for kids who are ages 12-18
NON-SPECIFIC SPOILERS First off, despite the beautiful scenery, this is not a game for kids. There is bloody shootouts with all manner of people, and robberies, which often end with the screen littered with corpses. The story itself is astounding, but very long (60 hours or more). It takes an interesting niche in western games, as it follows what is almost the beginning of the end of outlaw gangs, and how Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang (led by their charismatic, scheming leader Dutch) are slowly being crushed by law and order as many before them have. You form many a close bond with the characters, which makes it all the more difficult when they are suddenly killed or disappear otherwise. The open world itself has mind blowing, ever changing scenery and places to discover, from snow-peaked mountains, to rivers and lakes, to the industrial, modern, yet subtly charming city of Saint Denis. Another brilliant aspect is the ever changing random encounters that you experience, differing from games like GTA V, where there are almost non-existent outside of the online mode. It could be a man dying from a snake bite, a gang ambush or a trailer of prisoners making a desperate escape. How you choose to deal with these situations could affect your honour level, which itself is an interesting dynamic that also affects your ending. Overall, this is a brilliant game that I would recommend to all teens and adults.
Okay, I have to say it, kids nowadys curse like sailors, make sexual jokes, and are very toxic with their vocabulary and actions. Take a "child friendly game" like Fortnite for an example, where almost every game you will get a 9 year old swearing like there is no tommorow. 10 year olds can play this because it is really nothing they don't already know. Also like many others have said, it really isn't 18+ content... I mean it is a cowboy game, there is going to be robbery and murder, but it definitly is not to the extent that commonsensemedia said in their review.
Red Dead Redemption 2 isn’t what you think it is. The game gives you a lot of choice in what you can do whether it’s being the worst human being alive and getting a $1000 bounty over your head or being a good person and helping everyone. While the game can be quite violent at times and there are 2 sex scenes (both of them I found accidentally), the game isn’t that bad. There is one chapter 4 mission called ‘Horseshoe Apocalypse’ where one of your gang members comes back to your camp with his head decapitated and then having a shootout with your rival gang the O’Driscolls and the skinning animals animation is quite realistic. The sex scenes are both in chapter 2. The first one is in the mission ‘A Quiet Time,’ where you get drunk with your friend Lenny and when you go into one of the rooms in the Valentine Saloon, you can see two people having sex but don’t see any of the private parts. The second one is when your camp is celebrating the return on Sean i think and while you don’t see it, you can hear it.
In this game, you kill a lot with blood of course being shown, but not too graphic. In the game, you play Arthur Morgan part of the Dutch Vanderline Gang, a group of outlaws. Near the start of the game in Chapter 2, you have a drinking fest with a character named Lenny, and you can using cocaine gum, snake eye ect to grow/protect dead eye (where time freezes and you can mark enemies), energy and health. The characters swear quite a lot, saying the n word, saying f**** and b**** In this game, you can get 3 endings (2 in the main game, 1 in the epilogue of it) In the first 2 endings, it depends on honour. High honour is gained through doing good deeds (donating to the homeless, greeting people, donating to camp funds, donating to people in game, doing side missions) which gives you the good ending. Low honour is gained through mostly killing and insulting people while not in missions (killing innocents and horses in the missions can get your honour lowered, though) It gives many positive messages such as "revenge is a fools game" (which if you complete the epilogue and realize the ending of RDR1, you'll realize what that means and how it connects) If I was to be honest, one of the most great messaged games and great role models for an 18+
This is my favorite videogame. It has everything. Stunning visuals, character depth, realism, and smooth but intense gameplay. It's just awesome. And by "awesome" I don't mean "cool" or "great" I mean awe inspiring. I also don't think it's fair to give this an 18+ rating. This game is nowhere near as brutal or sexual as The Last of Us for example. Now THAT is an 18+ game. This one is violent and brutal at parts, but the gore is more background than main focus. The only times you see it are in certain missions, but you're usually far too focused on playing to really notice (unless you like to walk up to carnage and see how much detail they put into it). The cutscenes don't force you to gag at graphic violence, and there are only a few moments that contain slightly extreme sexual content. I only saw like two, and they were brief. It really depends on the person, and I think most people my age who couldn't handle it would know for themselves. But my real point is that this game is a masterpiece, and it's well worth the 60 hours of play time.
people say that rdr2 is so bad which this is wrong
I think this is an amazing game and it has very little swearing and many good role-models
This game is rating 18 for a reasom. 18+
I think its fine for a mature 14-16 year old but definitely not a 10 year old.If your young and want to play this game play it with an adult.I recommend reading other reviews before making your choice. There is very strong gore and violence.
Although it has a lot of violence and stuff, it doesn't look as bad (violence wise) fallout 4 or borderlands 3 (both games i play)
Wow
RDR2 review
A great story
best game ive played
Not 18+
Great game
this is not rated M
Depends on your kid, but...
Shows a life of freedom
Great game, just very violent.
A fun, jam-packed full of content, western shooter.
Outstanding Game — Not for Kids or Young Teens
To define Maturity
Rockstar Continues Their Tradition of Totally Family Friendly Games :)
Definitely not an M rating
Great Game
Memorable story
Beautiful and intelligent game, some scenes of heavy violence
So I played this game after reading some reviews and wow I was impressed the game is a story about a gang of out laws in a changing time just trying to survive while saving others in the process yes there is a bit of nudity and sexual content but that’s only in a certain part and it is completely optional to see that but the game can be more violent if you choose to the worse thing you can do is tie someone to train tracks as a train is coming there is quite a bit of gore but if you let your son or daughter play gta or cod this has a similar amount of blood to those games . SPOILERS AHEAD. Near the end of the game you learn that your character has tuberculosis and is slowly dying so now Arthur (your character) is trying to help people if you are a good person you will start to see a stag if you are a bad or neutral person you see a wolf so if you get the good ending your friends leave you to die if you get the bad ending your friend shoots you and in one other ending your friend stabs you while you go to get money from a burning train. Spoilers are done here. So I would say this is a grate story and It would be ashame to miss out on
This is not a game for kids under 18 just like GTA it has sex violence and swearing like a sailor although the story is very gripping you play as an antihero named arthur morgan and john martson who are in a gang and slowly things go off the rails. as things in the west change..
This game has the best story that I have ever played. If this game was a movie it would get many oscars. Th attention to detail and the amazing graphics are some of many reasons why this game is rockstars greatest creations.
the depth of the game is just amazing, i think about the characters and all on a regular basis, its just simply a masterpiece. but i think you have to be mature to enjoy the game at the maximum level. and to understand the story and the moral choices.
This is an amazing game that is ok for 13+
Amazing game! If you can handle blood and cussing this game is awsome there is a part where you see somebody have sex but you only see it for a second. in some areas you do see the KKK but you can ingore it or shoot them. Other then that a great game with a great story 100% in my top 5 favorite games
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a masterpiece. I've beat the game multiple times and each time, I am so impressed with the overall game. There is no nudity except for one scene which is about 2 seconds long. In the game, you can choose whether to be honorable or dishonorable. Each choice you make can affect your game experience. I've played as honorable and dishonorable, and I can say with confidence that both paths are amazing. While it is more fun to be a bandit and just do whatever you want, it is more rewarding in the end to be the honorable player. In the game, some common things to do are hunt, fish, be a bounty hunter, and unlock things such as weapons, and accessories. There are also side missions along with the regular missions. A typical side mission, is meeting a stranger, and doing things for them. A regular mission is usually robbing people, or helping them. Sometimes you get to decide your actions, and sometimes it is required that you don't spare or help them. If you commit crimes near people, such as robbery, they will become a witness and will report you to the local law. You can stop them however by threatening them. In Red Dead Redemption, you use horses to travel. There are also trains and stagecoaches too. You can buy horses, steal them from others, and catch wild ones. Some horses are very valuable and can cost a lot and some will be very cheap. As you continue to be with your horse, your bond with it will grow. If you and your horse get into trouble and it gets shot, you will have to use horse reviver to heal it. If you don't have any on you, then you might have to give up your horse. In the game, you are running from the law with your gang. You must set up camps across America to stay away from them. Each time you interact with your gang members, your bond with them grows. You can upgrade your camp supplies by using money you earn to upgrade it. You can contribute supplies to the gang such as food, and money to help fund for everything. You can hunt for food for the gang such as deer and rabbits which are very common animals seen across America. There are legendary animals in the game which you can craft into pelts to use for clothing. There are also legendary fish which you can send to people for a reward. If you hunt the legendary ram, you can make a hat and pants out of it. There are also other rival gangs you can interact with, although they won't be too friendly towards you and might start shooting at you. If your health is draining, you can use health cures to bring it back up. You can also use dead eye to hit vulnerable areas on your target such as the head and chest. There are also shops that you can go into to buy things. The general store has everything from food, to clothing. The gunsmith has weapons such as pistols, shotguns, rifles and ammunition. You can also go to the doctors to get medicine. There are many small towns in Red Dead Redemption 2 along with a city called Saint Denis. If you are caught committing a crime, you have a chance to surrender to the law. If you don't surrender in time, they will start shooting you and won't stop until you're dead. The longer you keep up a fight with the law, the higher up your bounty will be. As long as you have a bounty, you will be hunted by bounty hunters. If you see any of them near you, you can escape or shoot them. Smoking and drinking are optional in this game, except for a few missions which might require it. There are many people in the game that you can interact with. You can greet them, antagonize them, or rob them.You can also shoot them, although the law shows up pretty fast if you're in a town. The wildlife in Red Dead Redemption 2 is outstanding, and there's always something new to discover. You can pick plants and herbs, such as english mace, Indian tobacco, and ginseng. Hunting animals and fishing provides food for you and your camp. The major theme in Red Dead Redemption 2 is loyalty. All in all, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an outstanding game, and I've never regretted getting it and I can't recommend it enough.
I played Red Dead Redemption 2 as a 12- and 13- year old. There is violence, but it's mostly just blood when you kill an enemy. There is an honor meter that actually affects how the game ends (high honor=good ending, low honor=bad ending). If your kid knows this, they will probably try to stay honorable. No spoilers, but the bad ending is VERY bad. Also, the story is the best story I've ever seen told. That includes books and movies. The story is something I would never miss out. However there is a lot of swearing, for example they do drop f-bombs, but besides that, if your kid can handle it, it's probably good. If you're still worried because it's a rockstar game, there is no nudity besides one characters butt being partially shown.
I think this game is a great way to be able to be free you can do what you want and go where you want.
Now, let me start this review off by stating that I have logged a 100+ hours into the game. Let's get started. In the campaign, you can: Dismember people, Blow people's heads off, Capture people, Rob or steal from people, save others, help others, kill others that are trying to rob others, get drunk, get in fights (fist fights, great game playing mechanics), smoke, drink (obv), and much more, including: Paying Prostitutes. In the Multiplayer, alot of the sexy stuff is virtually gone. Your character doesn't speak, you can flip people off (very fun as some real life people get angry and chew me out over voice chat), and much much more. TL;DR: If you are wondering if you should let your 13 and below son play this, you might be better off having him play multiplayer. Sure, some people are toxic, but I don't meet much toxic people. Have some fun, maybe even play with him on another acc (if you don't mind spending money for 2 games). Sure, there may a lot be gore, but isn't there in a TON of other first/third person shooters? You need a pretty beefy computer if you are going to play this on PC My specs (I get around 60-70 FPS on the highest): i9 14 core GeForce RTX 2060 Super with 8 gigs of VRAM 32 gigs of ram And a bunch of other techno babble I'm pretty sure I only understand. Keep in mind, I'm 12. Game mechanics: Horse riding Gun fighting Fist fighting Drinking Smoking Eating Sleeping Buying things with In-Game money That's all! There's a ton of other game play mechanics, but otherwise, that's it.
I love this game, it’s absolutely massive, both map size and content wise. You play as Arthur Morgan, an outlaw on the run from the law after your gang fell into a trap. You pick off after the incident heading East to shake the law. You look out for your camp and the members in your camp as they are technically your family. The gang has questionable morals, as you are the muscle man who is there to intimidate debtors, other gangs, and the law. Arthur does grow over the course of the game, but no spoilers. It has a bit of gore, for instance you can blow someone’s head off with a shotgun, but you are strongly encouraged to only blow the bad guys head off. There is a serial killer on the loose leaving extremely bloodily corpses with intestines, severed heads, and other organs leading a trail to him. There is also language, if Arthur falls you will likely here a s—t and in dialogue they come up rather frequently, such as f—k, s—t, d—m and others. You can play as either a good outlaw or a bad outlaw (you are pushed to be a good outlaw far more than a bad outlaw and are given discounts for being one) but still an outlaw nonetheless. There is some sexy stuff, such as a partially nude, avoidable sex scene in a main mission, of which I didn’t encounter, there are also moans and grunts coming from rooms in inns, hinting toward some stuff happening. There are prostitutes in saloons with slightly revealing clothes just cleavage), you can’t pay for them but they just go through their programmed dialogue and flirt with other npcs. Towards the beginning of the game you set off into the nearby town with some of the women in your to find out possible heists to pull and they go off to flirt with men to try and get them to reveal their secrets. You stay with Hosea and shop for the camp when one returns asking you if you have seen Tilly , you then see her being pulled into an alley and promptly go save her. Then you look for Karen in the local inn and head her screen. You then run in the room and see that someone is trying to rape her so you beat them up and she goes back to the group. Nothing is revealed however. Arthur is not the best role model but he is a good representation of how people can change. There is also drinking where in one mission, a gang member runs to camp in shock telling that Micah was kidnapped so Dutch asks you to take him to town for a drink. You then get drunk and do the can can with some strangers. You also can smoke to replenish your abilities. It is a great game and a mature child could easily handle it.
This game has a marvelous, touching story. The graphics, voice acting, and details are second to none. However, the exceptional graphics make the combat and violent aspects of the game very brutal and visceral. Expect to see bloody and gory gunshot wounds, blood spray, and pools of blood during and after gunfights. Knife fights leave bloody slashes on the bodies and faces of your assailants. People can be burned alive and will writhe around and scream in agony. Dynamite, shotguns, explosive bullets, or Gatling guns can blow victims’ heads into bits and blow legs and arms into bloody chunks. Enemy campsites will often feature severed heads and hands on stakes, along with mutilated, decapitated, or eviscerated bodies. Several scenes that you can stumble across will feature bloody or mangled bodies, some that are almost unrecognizable. And that’s just in the open world free roam. The story is also rife with violence. Expect main characters and secondary characters to be injured or die along the way. One of them gets shot in the face unexpectedly. A man gets his eyes gouged out and his head cut off (off screen, we just see the aftermath). A horse has its entrails strewn about the snowy ground. An unarmed character gets shot in the chest. An old woman is strangled and beaten to death. A woman is shotgunned in the stomach. A young man gets shot twice in the midsection. A man is drowned and then fed to an alligator. A stranger who is killed by a bear has his face and skull crushed, leaving his eyeballs hanging out of their sockets and revealing his brain matter. The list of deaths and injuries goes on and on. There is a lot of drinking and smoking in the game, though there is no drugs. The nudity includes a brief glimpse of a woman’s breasts and full-frontal nudity of a feral man. This game is outstanding, but truly should not be played by kids. I played the game when I was 15, and in retrospect should have been older before I played this game. It is truly a masterpiece once you are old enough to play it. The story makes it feel like you are watching a movie. The language is pretty bad, though the f-word and the n-word are very rare.
Great game. Freeplay and online is for 9 and up, but story mode probably is for kids 12 and up.
When rockstar labeled the game as Mature 18+ I am pretty sure 18+ is the right age that your kid should be playing the game. I have had this game for 2 weeks now and it is a very very good game. For violence it is like nothing less than a pg 13 movie. The blood and gore can now be turned off but the cussing is nothing that a 12/13 year old child hasn’t heard at school or in a movie before. So far I am about 20 hours or more into the game and there is little to no nudity SO FAR. But there isn’t any sexual content either. If your child has anger issues and cusses a lot and gets into a lot of fights this is definitely not for them. If your child is easily adicted to games they should definitely not be playing this game. However, if your child does not repeat things that they see in movies or video games this would be okay for them. I am 13 and you might wonder why would this guys parents let him play this. Well this is what you and your kid should do. Sit down and play at least 2-3 hours with them and if this doesn’t sound good for your child it’s probably not. But if you think your child can handle this then allow it. All you need is at least 2-3 hours of gameplay. But if you don’t want to play it watch a YouTube video of gameplay. Overall Rockstar did very good on the graphics and the main character Arthur Morgan is a very good protagonist. This game will also teach your children a little history.
When I was 11, I got this game after seeing it at a friends house. I bought it on my Xbox, beware of the massive 100~ gigabyte download size, and took about 4 hours to download. Let’s get to the actual game. It’s quite a hard game to accurately rate, as the violence completely depends on what you do. Looking at highest violence possible sort of view, it is about 15+. Brutal beheadings with sawed off shotguns, people squirming in pain when they get shot in the stomach, violent knife attacks, and bleed outs. Strong language includes c*cksucker, f*ck, a lot of sh*ts, and most of the strong language you would see in a R movie. Sex is not present, besides one Easter egg that’s almost impossible to find unless you are looking for it, and even that has fully clothed people and is only talk. However, bad things have consequences. Witnesses will report you to the law, who will then promptly neutralize you. But, on the flip side, you can be a good person and help out people, causing shop owners to lower Prices, and other positive things, the storyline, especially the end is very emotional at times. In the story, you play as the gang brute, Arthur Morgan. You and your gang are trying to survive as the other outlaw gangs are being hunted down. Over the story, you attempt to become a better person, and the ending depends on whether you killed lots of people or was a good person and helped people out. Red Dead online is just the game with added toxic people. Would recommend this game.
There is nothing bad in this game at all! No violence, swearing, yadayadayada, NOTHING! All the kids in all the world should play it :) :) :) Reality: Violence, guns, heads exploding, swearing. Good game, probably not for young children.
I think an M rating is kind of absurd. I mean they swear a lot. But in real life in the Wild West they did A LOT worse. You were caught cheating in poker, BOOM! You were doing dragged out in the street and shot. But I mean 5 year olds are playing Fortnite. Kids probably hear a lot worse in music, films, and at school. It’s also violent but again these kids probably seen a lot in films and stuff. And M rating is absurd. It should be T for teen.
It is a good game that 14 and older should be alowed to play and heres why. There is a lot of blood and some swearing and you should be about 13 to handle that kind of content. The other thing that makes me say 14 and up is I have come across one bad thing. If you get to the part in the story when you are in the saloon with lenny dont go searching for him through doors only walk around the bar to find him or dont do the mission at all. If you read this and play the gme keep it in mind.
Red Dead Redemption 2 follows a group of outlaws who rob banks and trains. The game has a unique 1899 Wild West setting along with some very nice character designs. The world feels alive when you’re roaming and the missions never seem to get old. You are required to kill people in the campaign, but while roaming its entirely your decision. The violence can get bad, for example you can shoot people heads and limbs off and there is blood and gore. You can also kill animals for profit, food, or fun. Most of the violence is up to the player and they will be fined, jailed, or killed for committing crimes. Crimes also lower the players honor level and doing good deeds will raise it. Swears weren’t an issue and most of the time it sounded like real world conversion where they were only dropped a few times with almost no f-bombs. The story was very fun and never bland or boring and the graphics were probably the best I’ve seen to this day. There were also some positive messages sent by Arthur (the protagonist). If you are 14 or older, this is a must play.
Firstly, I want to say this game looks drop-dead gorgeous running on PC, or any high-end console. The gameplay is also brilliant and effortlessly fun, the story is emotional and intelligent, and the game boasts perhaps the best "open world" of any console game in the modern generation. However, this game is not for children. Swearing is a constant throughout the experience, some scenes glamorise heavy drinking and smoking, and violence is brutal and often bloody. Some scenes that may distress younger children include rotting/hanging corpses, depictions of suicide, knife violence and brief nudity. In saying this, I would argue that most scenes of violence in the game could be handled by an older teen, perhaps 16 and up. The content stays true to its MA15+ Australian rating, and playing the game as a 15-year old, I found the game's violence and themes were nothing I hadn't seen before. I wouldn't recommend the game to anyone under my age, but putting that aside, this is a beauty of a game that deserves to be enjoyed!
