Some ratings are exaggerated
Gory but great
Really good game, a lot of cussing
Great game.
Awesome
A great game! Pretty mature.
Really great game!
Common sense media has a lot of dumbies
This game should definitely have a lower age rating.
Great story, medium amount of cussing.
Good for kids 12+
Fantastic game, don’t make your kids miss out due to violence and some cursing.
Rootin Tootin Bad-Guy Shootin Cowboy Simulator 2018
Not so bad
For mature kids only.
This is an awesome game/but there is violence, some drug use, and swearing
Honestly depends on your child's maturity
Just to clarify, there is no sex in the game, there is some scenes where there is some nudity or close actions, but your character (Arthur Morgan/John Marston) cannot participate in sexual actions. There are also some good messages and your character does eventually see and take note of the actions he has made with remorse, doing less independent bad deeds towards the end of the story. Most of the things like the violence, language, consumption and other stated things are there to more accurately portray the era the game is set in and are not always caused by the character. Honestly, I do recommend this game and I wouldn't really have a problem with a younger audience (like 10 or above) playing as most the things seen in this game is the regular content portrayed in media and on TV, almost guaranteed that someone has already been exposed to content like this and its not really bad, the player just needs to be mature about it and know the difference between reality and a videogame. (Also, most violence and swearing is according to the story and the way it goes, if you play, you'll understand.)
Look... it is an extremely gory game I mean, you can blow heads off, shoot every Limb imaginable off, slit throats, drown people even put people on train tracks all tied up and let trains run them over then see there Misshapen body missing arms ,legs and head but all of that is all choice so if your child,teen doesn’t do that then they won’t see anything. Like most of the time I am playing with my dad anyway so I don’t get away with that I would say that if they are restricted and monitored then any age could play. And over 13 years old old and over 13 year olds should be mature enough to not be monitored anyway I hope I was helpful if not I’ve just wasted about five minutes of your time sorry LOL have a good day
Rdr2 is a really good game, and I would recommend. Arthur Morgan is the main character, and you have full control. The missions involve doing crime but some include moral decisions that will affect your honor rating which is a ranking of your good/bad. You have the option to do many heroic or good deeds, such as donate to people in need, help people, save people, but you can also do robberies and murder throughout the game. There is a lot of swearing, it can be quite excessive. The epilogue actually encourages good behavior throughout the game. Would definitely recommend
Where to start. This game is amazing. The story is over 60 hours long, but is entertaining. I have played through the whole game and have not encountered a single sexual reference. I don't know where nudity is coming from besides horse balls. This game has very mature themes though. You can go around killing innocent civilians. You can choose to do bad things or good things. The game has very realistic blood and Gore.
I love this game I’ve played the story about 8 times i love it but i love animals in chapter 1 there is a mission u have to hunt deer and skin them and my fav animal is a horse (spoiler it dies at the end) anyway there is one scene we’re there is a nude woman on a man and there is a bit of racist talk and not to many f words mainly s and b word
Based off of my experience, this is a great game! When I say "My experience", I mean the free roam part of the game. Not the story mode or any of that. Let's talk about the ratings. I don't get the nudity part. The only part where I've seen nudity is when your character gets out of the bath. It only shows your waist up (from your waist to your head). This is based off of my experience though (the free roam part of the game). The sexual content is not that hardcore as GTA 5. I haven't gone into that part of the game but all I have heard about it is that you can hear people taking about it around town (I don't know specifically what). There are some parts of the free roam part of the game where a white dot appears on your screen and that means there is someone you can help. Occasianly there is one where there are these two guys on a horse with a girl locked in a cell being towed by their carriage. If you save the lady in the back, she'll mention that the guys said that they were going to sexually assault her. Now, the violence and blood and gore is as intense as it can get. For example, if you shoot someone on the head with a shotgun or a rifle, their head will come off of their body (there will be a "fleshy" sound and the person's head you shot will just disappear.). If you hit them where your limbs are connected (for example, their joints, hands, legs, arms, etc.), it will come off. If you shoot their hand off, it will disappear and they'll scream lightly. If you manage to shoot their arm or leg off, they'll scream in extreme agony which will disturb most people (especially kids 10 and under; it doesn't disturb me) and you may see that limb that came off. If you shoot near their calf, you might see the calf uncovered by skin. You can use explosive rounds which basicly explode on contact which will 100% make the person you shot scream and yell bloody murder and most of their limbs will come off. You can also equip incinery rounds which basically start a fire on contact. If you shoot someone with this, they'll catch on fire and scream in agony. None of their limbs come off though. The strong language is just basics. There's stuff such as f*ck, basterd, b*itch, etc. There isin't the n-word for those who are concerned. For the alcohol part of the game, you can go to the saloon and buy a beer or a shot of whisky. This will basically refill your Deadeye Core (a function of the game which will put everything in slow motion). You can also have stuff like rum in your backpack which will refill your Deadeye Core as well. Your character will just chug it down and toss it to the side (what is called littering these days). For the drugs part of the game, you can have stuff in your backpack like chewing tobacco, cigars, nothing too hardcore like GTA 5. If you've made it this far and are a parent, I would recommended watching YouTube gameplay of this game to determine if it is appropriate for your child. If you've made it this far and are a child, your parents may or may not say yes to this game depending on how strict they are. I may warn you, if you get easily scared and react to the sight of blood and gore, this game is NOT, I repeat, NOT for you as Red Dead Redemption does include lots of this. I hope this review has helped you decide if this game is appropriate for you/your child or not. Have a great day, bye!
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a great western open world third person shooter that puts you in the shoes of Arthur Morgan, an outlaw who rides with a gang known as the Van Der Linde gang. Although the game does have some sexual nature, lots of violence and themes such as racism, sexism and corruption, it is perfect for mature teens and adults. There are a few slurs in the game with a moderate amount of swearing but that can mainly be over looked. There are scenes of torture, execution and murder which can be quite gruesome and gorey with decapitated limbs and hanging body that can sometimes be found scattered around the world. The game makes sure you get connected to the characters and has lots of emotional scenes that personally made me cry. The graphics are outstanding as well as the NPC's and the AI built into the game. It can be quite hard to pick up on the controls but they are easy enough to get the hang of. This game will never leave you bored as there is always new things to do or explore. Over all I would recommend it to nearly anyone!
When you go on common Sense Media you make up your own mind based on its context. But there are a lot of reviews from the public who just always say "it's not that bad" when sometimes it clearly is bad. So I'm going to give you actual context and you can make up your mind. Red Dead redemption 2 is by Rockstar games which have made very very dark, violent and inappropriate games like Grand theft Auto. But compare this to Grand theft Auto and it is very tamed. the violence is really bad in this considering you can shoot people's limbs off including the head with a shotgun, but that's about the only thing that's worse in red Dead redemption 2. The other things you will need to look out for are the heavy drinking and smoking (there are no drugs) and a few occasional swear words. red Dead redemption 2 makes up for all this inappropriate glamour with an absolutely beautiful story about redemption for people who believe they will never get a redemption for the actions they have made. In this game you have what's called an "honour system" which is a metre telling you whether you're honourable (a good guy) or dishonourable (a bad guy). The game tries it's best to make you do the good guy decisions especially considering the ending "no spoilers". It is said that playing as a bad guy is more fun and that is completely true but when it comes to the story. You feel like you've done something good, especially near the end it only seems like you and a few other people are the only good guys in the group of bandits you're in. I could go into this with much more detail but I won't because this review would go for way too long. You can make money off for Robbing people, trains and banks which if I'm going to be honest this is a lot of fun but may not be the most favourable things to do in terms of being a good guy. The controls are simple when you're in a shootout you aim and shoot (it locks on to a target for you). The only problem is when your navigating around the large world slowly. You will get stuck on the terrain and always do things you didn't try to do. All and all this is an awesome game and it really comes down to personal preference whether it's good for yourself or your kids.
It was a great game. If your 10/11 yr old wants this and they can handle cussing, get it for them. There is a lot of violence but it’s not that bad.The game’s multiple endings give you a reason to be good, plus it gets you a discount in all stores. Overall I think it’s a great game, 10/10, get it.
I got this game last year when I was twelve, and it’s a really good game. Theres some swear words, killing, and tobacco uses.
I got this game for Christmas last year and finished it in a couple months, not because it was hard but just because there was SO much to explore. When I was done my brother (11) asked to play it and he beat it himself. Needless to say he loved it and my parents were fine with him playing it. There’s a lot of violence and cursing but we’re used to it in this family and we watch a lot of movies and TV that have those themes that he’s seen before. It’s nothing over the top and there’s hardly any F bombs in it, I think I only counted six in the missions. There are some sexual themes but it’s nothing explicit and only implied 9 times out of 10. There’s a lot of violence but it’s mainly shooting and the only times that there’s any mutilation is if you use a powerful gun to blow off someone’s limbs or when you save a man and he has to get his arm cut off (this is optional to witness and you are encouraged to leave, but not forced). There are public executions but they’re shown from a distance and you hardly ever see the victim struggling or freaking out when they get hanged. Also you are required to go hunting for one mission but you don’t have to do it ever again for the rest of the game if you don’t want to. The most violent moment in the game is probably when a man gets fed to alligators and that scene is only about a few seconds. The rest of the violence in the game is mainly through shootouts. Most of the activities that aren’t missions that you spend as your character doing aren’t violent. This game is one of the greatest games that I ever play ed and it would definitely be a shame if you don’t let your kid play it because of violence or cursing. In my family, we think that it’s fine for violence and cursing as long as there isn’t a lot of sex in the movie. I’m not sure if everyone thinks that way, but if you do, this game is definitely fine for your kid to play.
arthur lookin kinda thicc tho
Good game play lots don’t die it hurts I am ur mom
Honestly, there is violence, but it's not really gory. There is drugs and drinking, but they come with negative side effects. There is no sex but the npc's talk about it sometimes. You also save a woman from getting raped, but you stop the man before he does anything. There is cursing, but only if the characters are getting shot at or extremely angry. If your child is mature it can probably be a 10+ game. I really enjoyed this game but it is definitely not for younger kids.
Its totally cool and a fun game to play but if your not ok for your teen to play this is, its not that bad at all if he/she is mature and + the've probably heard the word S**t before or B***h. There is hardly any nudity or S*x in this game at all and you can choose not to anyways. But in all teens 13 and older can definitly play this game
basically this is the best story in any game that i have heard of in a looooooooooong time. as long as your child is mature enough the game is just fine for any kid age 9+ the swearing is minimal, though a lot of smoking and alchohol. the nudity/sex is EXTREMELY minimal too, with all of it being optional missions or random chane encounters. i played the origanal and this game is much better in my opinion. i cant wait for a RDR3 and once you have played you will be hooked too.
