good game for back in time
Good
Good game and and fun but mature content
Fine for 9 and up
It's over exaggerated
Okay for anyone
Much more appropriate than other Rockstar Games titles
Perfect for a 13 Year Old with Maturity
Overthinking parents please read this.. You need this
what the age shood be
Best game of 2018! In many's opinion.
Not that bad
3 uses On F**k And more
Great game!!
Amazing game with mature themes and content
Red dead 2
Very good, but on the mature side.
My new favorite and the best game I've ever played.
Red Dead 2 is amazing.
why you should play it
There are a lot of games kids are exposed to like, violent/inappropriate. But, the game Red Dead Redemption 2. This game focuses on the old western times for example, cowboys, indians, sherif’s, gun fights, etc. in Red Dead Redemption 2 you are a cowboy and do all that action and can also learn about different tribes. There is no sex/nudity, however there are prostitutes and you can get your arms, legs and back scrubbed. The smoking/alcohol is not as bad as you may think, there is characters that smoke cigarettes and cigars. On the other hand there is a mission where you drink until your drunk. Players can also buy candy called “cocaine gum” which has stimulating effects. For consumerism you may buy gold bars for real world money which allowing players to buy upgrades. The language is words like the “f” bomb, “s” bomb, and because of the racist times the “n” word. Now, the violence is another thing you may be worried about, for example there is lims and gore flying everywhere, I know what your thinking, “why the hell would I want to let my kid play this game?” good question, this takes you back in time to a time where everyone was allowed to smoke in bars, no rodes and especially gun fights with the shariff. Now if you want your kid to know what real life is like, then let them be exposed to it.
I think Common Sense Media should stop looking at the ESRB rating and actually do some research. You say you have "experts" but that is very hard to believe.
This game is based on cowboys. There is nudity when Arthur (the main character) is taking a bath, nothing is shown. There is also language like s**t f**k and more. Overall, great game but for adults
For kids, this has no sex/nudity, the only inappropriate time does not even occur in the main story, it’s only if you go to a hotel and get a deluxe bath where a clothed woman washes your legs, which there isn’t even a point doing, a little bit of language but nothing like gta, and there is only some characters that swear, most do not.
This game is great though there is swearing and violence but if your mature you can handle it. There is a reason to be good if you kill more people you lose honor the worse your honor is the harder it is to play the game due to increased prices. The nudity is just, horse genitalia. It really is a awesome game and, if you think your kid is mature enough this game is for them. The gang members due help each other out in tough situations in most parts of the game you can gain honor by helping people out.
This game is okay. Sure, there is lots of blood and gore but you can let your toddler see that as long as you trust them. BTW this is sitire I think its more like 12+
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a great game. In some parts it can get a little gory and violent but, nothing too bad happens. If your child plays Call of Duty and is mature enough to understand that you should never commit any bad actions that you can in do in game in real life then this game should be fine. You can smoke, eat cocaine gum, and get drunk. There is not much sexual content or nudity which is surprising due to it being made the same company as GTA. Overall this is a great cowboy game that should be fine for anyone about 11 or up.
Red Dead Redemption II is appropriate for a 13 year old with enough maturity to handle the intense situations. The game does feature violence and frequent swearing but if your teen has the maturity to handle it there would be no need to worry. Additionally, players will have a choice to be a honorable outlaw, helping out local citizens. The game promotes teamwork, love, and loyalty. In conclusion, Red Dead Redemption II would be a suitable fit for your teen!
This game is one of the best console games in the 21st century. Great grafics. Great gameplay. Great story. There isn't "TOO MUCH VIOLENCE" IT'S GAME. If u play Fifa it doesn't make you a professional football player. If you play Batman it doesn't make u a superhero. Why would this make you a drug abusser, a killer, a robber....... THE BEST F**** GAME.. there is literally no sex in this game. Overexagerated Pricks. If you think that the impersonation of women is bad. It's because the game is set in the late 1800, that's how it was. There is no sex scenes. No available prostitution. There are scenes with domestic violence but they are there so you can save them.
graet game a little violence
I love this game. Not just as a video game, but also as a movie. Everything about it is great. Sure it may be a little violent but its around the same as pg 13 movies. The idea that the minimum age to enjoy this masterpiece is 18+ is laughably crazy. Another great thing is that this game has good diversity and female representation like never before in a Rockstar game. The reviewer says crazy things that I don't even think he believes that, but put that so he could keep his job. Play this game and have fun with it and let the experience change you for the better.
I am a kid that has played the game for about 4 hours and I Can say it is not that bad. There is no sexual content and no drugs. Violence can be avoided by using revolvers.
its rated m
Ok this game is great, but for some reason a lot of the reviews are saying this game is for 10+ its not. The games violence is the biggest factor. When you shoot someone a bloody hole will appear where they were hit. Bladed weapons will cause large gashes on characters. And larger weapons like shotguns, heavy rifles and explosions will tear limbs off and completely remove chatterers heads in a very gory fashion. While this is all optional there is violence that will happen during the story. SPOILERS. A decapitated man rides into your camp holding his severed head (he was killed by a rival gang and they are attacking your camp). In another cut scene one of your friends gets shot in the head and part of his head comes off. In a very intense scene you witness an enemy gang leader being hung while his followers are killed. And finally a dead body is seen after being mauled by a bear its chest is opened and its face is completely destroyed. There is more violence in the story but those are the moments that stood out. Side missions also had violence in arguably the most violent part of the game dead bodies can be found hung up on trees and train tracks cut in half with body parts and intestines lying around under the body there will also be a severed head next to the body with a scroll in its mouth if you find all the bodies and scrolls you will be able to track down the killer and find his lair with all sorts of mutilated bodies. The area of the map called tall trees LITERALLY has dead bodies hanging from every tree. There will be completely naked bodies with their genitals cut off in some of the camps. The language inst that bad just the regular shit bitch goddamn there is a few instances of fuck and one n-word I don't know why people say their isn't but there is. There is also alcohol and sexuality saloons will have prostitutes who will offer to have sex with you you cannot accept. However there is a mission where you will have to get drunk and you see people having sex overall it isn't that bad. The game isn't for kids. I often found myself grossed out and disturbed by the violence. However anyone above 15 and maybe 14 should be able to handle it. This is without a doubt the best game i've ever played its story rivals many westerns and I would say combined with the first game the full story of both is the best western tale ever told. The charterers aren't perfect but they try their best especially toward the end and that's why they are the perfect protagonists. The game inst meant to be played by kids or teenagers so keep that in mind. Most of the reviews here are made by kids who either didn't play very far into the game or don't understand what their saying this is arguably one of the most graphic and violent games ever made https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUAAVuF5PPI
An excellent game of survival and missions where players can roam a huge map completing missions and objectives to gain money and get other items. I would recommend that you allow kids over the age of 12 to play the game due to the amount of blood and violence. However be lenient as blood can be turned off in the settings! Thanks.
I think that this game is for 13 year olds and up, unless your child is a mature 11-12 year old. It is probably not suited at all for ages 10 and under. There is quite a bit of swearing and alcohol/drugs in this game, but no human nudity. The closest thing to nudity is horse genetallia. You can also skin animals, just like hunting in real life. However, if you are an animal lover, I would not recommend this.
This is the greatest game I've ever played. It has so much detail, so much to do, so much fun, it is amazing all in all. But not for kids. It isn't as bad as the GTA series, but still rather bad. You're weapons range from knifes to dynamite. You can kill animals and humans alike. Rifles and pistols leave bloody bullet wounds. Knifes leave stab wounds. Shotguns and dynamite can be used to blow off limbs and even cause heads to explode in gory and realistic fashion. You can use Gatling guns with similar results. You can beat people to death. You can hogtie people and throw them into fires/off cliffs or feed them to animals. You can run people over with horses or trains. You can witness events such as public hangings and amputation of limbs. But killing humans is usually optional, unless you're doing a mission where you have too, and if that happens they're either criminals or you're defending yourself or your friends. Most violence is much different from a Call of Duty WWII, but that game is the most graphic of the series. You can hunt and skin animals. You can find scenes of torture and death. I've seen one of a guy hanging from the bottom of rail tracks torn in half with intestines hanging out and lots of carnage of the ground below, along with his head severed pinned to the log with a note in his mouth. You do have the option to rob stores, banks, trains, and people. Some women are depicted as prostitutes, but no actual sex is seen. Some cleavage. Lots of swearing. F*ck, sh*t, [email protected]@rd, @$$, [email protected], hell are used frequently. Use of the N-word given the time this takes place in. You can get drunk, smoke cigarettes/cigars, and chew cocaine gum. You can buy gold for the online edition with real money. You can help people in the game or kill them. You can talk to strangers in the online mode. This is the greatest game I've ever played and highly recommend for mature teens and up.
Rockstar really outdid themselves this time. This game was really worth the eight year wait. but the game is way too graphic for kids.
I have played this game. This story is very good and made me cry in some parts and I cried hard and laugh in scenes so hard around the game. It's wild west and you can learn about life at this time. the game is super realistic and the npcs act like real humans. Their are moments where Arthur and other characters talk about the good of life. Expect money and smoking and violence. The game is a beauty . It teaches about animals and plants and has over 300 Easter eggs and references and interesting stuff. I have been playing rated m games since 2012 and now i'm in 7th grade. People that talk trash about these games are idiots and missing out. Forget fortnite. People only say shit and damn and other stuff. Yes Micha can be racist but the people he is racist to beat the crap out of him.
Fantastic game about the aspects of a dying west
BUY THIS NOW!!!
Great for ages 9 and up.
16 and up
Includes mild sexual content, violence, bad language, alcohol and drugs.
Amazing game, strong themes...
Mature Teens. 14+
Get this game.
Amazing game, but with very dark themes.
Best game ever. GOTY
Lit
A Full Review
AWESOME GAMING EXPIERIENCE!
Not For Kids Who Arent 14 And Up, And Dont Know Right From Wrong, And Finally Will Repeat The Stuff In The Game
Great game for mature teens
Great game or non phsycopathic kids
Honestly an insanely immersive game here. There is a tiny bit of nudity, but not that much honestly. Bit gory, but the incredible story and the fantastic world is unparalleled.
This game is amazing on so many levels. You would love this game if you like a good story. The only things you would possibly need to worry about is blood and gore (which is hard to notice) and language (if it bothers you). Even though some of the reasons why this game is rated M is because of sexual content, nudity and drug use, there is no nudity in the game and at all and there is very infrequent sex talk/jokes which is easy to miss and the only drug use is characters smoking which wouldn’t not be expected because it is a western game.
I'm surprised that the game is rated 18+.
All there really is excessive swearing.
Although I do think that kids 13+ will be fine to play this game, I think it is more suited for audience who are 16+, as there are a lot of factors that would not be good for younger audience such as the sexual content, drugs and more. However, I don't think the game is that bad. Also the game is very expensive.
Being a Rockstar game, RDR2 is obviously not for kids, that being said, your child isn't going to hear anything worse in this game than they do at school every day. In fact, throughout the entire story, I only heard the n-word once. There is plenty of profanity, but everybody knows the swear words, they're not scary. The character you play as, Arthur Morgan, is an outlaw, and you do horrible things in almost every mission, but I don't think he's a bad role model. Morgan regrets everything he does wrong and feels empathy for the people he's hurt. If you choose to look in a mirror, Arthur will make a comment about how he hates himself. There is only one mission with nudity in it, and most people probably don't even notice it because you have to go to a specific location to find it. Other than that the only nudity is animal genitals, which are hard to see. The only thing I dislike about the game is that it starts out so slow and repetitive, although it picks up once you get to chapter 3. There is nothing too scary, except a few of the gangs in the game do some messed up stuff and it can be creepy. This game surprised and impressed me with its maturity. GTA V was chock-full of unnecessarily inappropriate moments and even the original Red Dead had some of those moments, but RDR2 has a perfect balance of serious story-telling and funny moments.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is an amazing game...For Teens+...Violence: Realistic Blood Spurts, knife founds and when the player uses a shotgun they can remove heads, limbs etc... Language: Not as much swearing as other games...Mostly Cowboy slang. Drugs/Alcohol: Your character can go in a saloon and drink beer and whiskey and get drunk. You can also smoke cigarettes. Sex: There are 2 scenes in a saloon where there is a couple having sex and the woman turns at you and you can see her breasts fully exposed and part of her buttocks. There is a naked man hanging in a barn with only his buttocks exposed. Overall not for kids...AT ALL...
This is a really good game i have never played the first one but i know the story of the first one.It is one of the best games i have played
This is a amazing game. It has a lot of swearing, but I think your child will understand not to use that language. It was some drinking, you can go to a bar, smoke cigarettes, cocaine gum, and bunch of alcoholic. Really no sexual stuff. You should get this game for your child or someone else. AND YOU CAN GET HONOR FOR KILLING KKK MEMBERS!!!!!
I've seen a lot of reviews on here that are pretty blatantly untrue. I have played over 70 hours in this game, and have finished the whole main story, so take it from me when I say this game is very violent/gory. Heads can be blown off with shotguns, as can arms and legs. When shot, blood will continuously pour out of NPCs wounds until they bleed out. Aftermaths of murders and mauling at the hands of animals can be found littering the map, entrails, limbs and corpses. On the surface when playing this, it seems pretty averagely violent/dark, but the plot gets pretty twisted pretty quick. Though I don't consider it much of a problem, drugs and alcohol are also quite prevalent, getting drunk is required in several quests, and consumable items that boost your stats include chewing tobacco, alcohol and cigarettes. Characters also frequently swear. This game is (in my opinion) unfairly criticized for sexual content. It can be crood at times, with it's fair share of risque songs sung by NPCs around camp and the like, and a drawing of a naked woman being gifted to you by an artist. You can pay to have a woman bathe you at inns, but nothing is explicitly shown. That's really as far as this game goes with sex. Hints and implications. Beyond the mature content, this is really a masterpiece. If your kid isn't too iffy with gore, I couldn't recommend this enough. It's meaningful, thoughtful, and subtle where other games are in your face and obnoxious. The world is deep, it lives and breathes. You can uncover mysteries and explore the seemingly endless wilderness. Also you can pet dogs. TLDR: RDR2 is a masterpiece of gaming, with brilliant writing, stunning graphics, and dark themes- but parents be warned, it can be extremely violent and gory, and contains heavy swearing and use of drugs/alcohol. If you have a mature kid you should be fine. I would not recommend this to kids under twelve, and thirteen could be iffy, but it should be fine. If you aren't going to get this game for your kids, take my advice and just get it for yourself. You won't regret it.
Obviously review is wrong age but this doesn't deserve 18
I played red dead redemption 1 like. . . five years after release? My parents had beat it 100% and the only weapons I was aloud to use were the lasso and knife. all i could do was ride around helping people. And it was GREAT. Red Dead Redemption 2 is so much more. I spent an insane amount of time just riding around. The graphics are so beautiful, that sometimes I just look at the scenery. And you can take pictures. I started quests like 10 hours in the game and like 20 hours in I got an Arabian. (The best breed of horse) It felt like such an accomplishment! All the quests I've done are appropriate, if you're alright with killing people of course. There are 2 quests that you might think are a little to much for your kid though. 1. You take some girls to a town called Valentine because they are bored. One girl is in the hotel and you walk in a room to find a guy standing over her. She's not nude or anything, outside the hotel I'm pretty sure she tells you he hit her? Don't quite remember. 2. At the end of this quest, "We loved once and true" a boy tries to kill himself. I don't know how gruesome it is, because my parents did it for me, but you try to shoot the gun out of his hand. If you fail... well... The game really encourages you to be good. It's a lot of management, but, say, you kill someone. you will lose honour, and even if you pay the bounty, people will treat you harshly in the street, saying stuff like, "We don't need you to cause any more trouble." Wearing bandanna's in town or having your gun out causes people to be uneasy. Sorry this was so long! Please let your child do the quests as they're SO important to the story! oh and if YOU played rdr1 and didn't let your kids, explain what happens so rdr2 makes more sense. John and Jack Marston are in the game. And it explains how John got his scars. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE play this game! It's beautiful and detailed and just so much fun! ugh. Anyway, bye (You can get drunk in the game. Takes A LOT of boos though. one quest he does get drunk, but it's hilarious, he starts hallucinating his friend everywhere. F word is mentioned, Sh** word more often. but for good reason. Falling off a cliff and your horse has died? Yep you'll hear a Sh**)
Red Dead 2 is hard to review thanks to the fact that it's SO. BIG. There's so much stuff in this game I really think it was impossible for it to get a perfect rating out of me because to keep up consistent quality throughout this sixty hour behemoth of a game would be a feat of video game making genius heretofore unheard of. That being said, the amount of quality that it DOES manage to spread across the whole game is frankly stunning, and it is more than worth its price tag. Technical aspects such as graphics (jaw dropping) gameplay (hugely satisfying) and sound design (immersive) are nothing less than stellar. The world is fully realized, the animations are (mostly) seamless, and Rockstar made the very smart move of peppering the roads with random encounters to keep long horse rides from getting boring. However not every aspect of the technology is revolutionary. A couple of the new systems are annoying, especially the food one wherein you must watch your weight by eating regularly but there's no way of telling when Arthur is hungry, so you're forced to just guess and randomly eat stuff in the hopes it'll all balance out. The story dips in quality in chapter five, and the epilogue is quite simply boring. All of these issues, though, are blown out of the water by the bulk of the story. Character development is methodical and beautiful, the tale of loneliness, morality, and loyalty is expertly woven. The characters are vibrant and complex, and you will be on the edge of your seat, even through the less than stellar parts you'll be compelled to keep playing just to see what happens. Honestly, there's so much more to talk about in this game because it's so big: the sidequests, themes, combat, traversal, clothing, there's so much stuff one review could never encapsulate all that this game is so I've tried to keep it down to what really stood out to me as good and bad. The language is a little rough and there's some innuendo, but the violence is surprisingly tame. There's blood, sure, but nothing graphic (unless you shoot someone in the head with a shotgun), to be honest, if anything's going to keep younger teens to tweens from playing it it would be the themes, which are heavy and dark. Even aside from that there is still stuff to love in this game, it's got a little something for everyone and is well worth your time thanks to its technical and storytelling successes that outweigh their failures.
Its an awesome old west game, the story is amazing it has some brutality but it aint that bad. Graphics are awesome too. I personnaly played it and i can say 100% its for kids of 9 years or above SORRY FOR BAD ENGLISH
IS A Very Mature Game But Fun And Thrilling.
Read dead redemption 2 should not be put in the same category as gta v. The only thing it should be rated m for the language and thats it. And its no different than some pg 13 movies i watch. If there was a rating in between T and M, this game would be what that is. As for the violence, its not that bad unless you go searching for it. If u just play the game normally its totally fine. Also a lot of people say how you can kill innocent people but its not glorified in any way and you get punished for it, unlike gta. The only "sexual content" is a clothed woman scrubbing you if you pay extra for a deluxe bath, but its not sexual at all and its optional. As for nudity you can see horse testicles and there might be male nudity but in a non sexual way. Again, its no worse than what you see in movies and the best part is, all of these things are optional. So i think that 15 is a good age for this game.
The game has large amounts of violence with arms legs and head being dismembered from shotguns and high powered rifles there isnt very much sex but prostitues can be seen
It is great u should get it
