Overall good game bogged down by some tedium and "toy" integration.
First, to be clear, you can buy 'digital' download editions of the game from your perspective consoles online store without paying for the physical copies that come with these plastic toys that attach to your controllers. That being said. For Nintendo owners, this is the best Star Fox game to come out since the franchise was first introduced. Personally I prefer the 'on rails' action that of the original, but their integration into Starlink seems to be the answer to the question of how to fix the franchise after so many lackluster attempts and even some outright perplexing flops. This is a free roaming game is all set with you in your ship which is either done between planets as a free roam 'open world' approach or on the ground where movement is fluid but necessarily limited as you do close counter engagements. There is a learning curve, as with every game, to test your limitations, and I have to say, this takes some adept maneuvering if you want to survive battles. Dodging and coordinating your attacks will often be crucial to move forward so this is not a mindless shoot 'em up that just anybody can pick up and start blasting away. For children this means the ability to read direction on a 3rd to 5th grade level especially. Unlike most Star Fox games, Starlink is as much about exploration and building progress over time as it is about action. You can swap weapon loadouts ' on the fly' either in the pause menu or with the toys (that practically nobody is actually buying). WITH the toys,... this has to be covered..., you can take the physical weapons and swap them out on your toy ship which will translate in the game and swap your in game weaponry. This 'sounds cool', but the biggest complaints here are the pricetags for these toys which can easily surpass the actual games initial cost. Plus the fact that many , if not most players, find these toys awkward as they have to be attached ON TOP of your controller in order to function with the game. Some were able to adapt to it, some find it hindering and obstructing to play the game this way. The story itself is well done and "Disney like" with the StarFox alliance somewhat shoehorned into the background as add ons, but it all works well enough as a backdrop to the gameplay. Being one of the few titles supporting 2 players local gameplay is a big win though as you can play under the same roof without buying multiple consoles and games, you only need 2 controllers and a single TV. With the same moralities and tone of your typical nintendo fare, this is a child friendly PG to PG 13 kind of game. Nothing over the top in violence but refined and responsive enough to surpass it's cartoon looks and be engaging with a good amount of depth. The ships are satisfyingly maneuverable and familiar for Star Fox fans and the various weapons interesting to experiment with, along with some speed and thrusting capabilities that are satisfying and efficient in covering more ground. Be prepared to go on side quests and farming exspeditions at times with many traveling departures that take some chunks of time to get through but can be fast traveled later. Although i have seen and been old these toys are DOA and not selling hardly at all, the game itself to me is somewhat of a pacifier. I wouldn't have dropped 60 bucks on it if I had it to do over as i think its actual worth is about 40, but for those who have longed for a good action space exploration game especially a Star Fox one. This is probably the best you are going to get for a long while.
Good game
supeer cool this fireboy and watergirl online on hudgames is so good because i play this game all with my sister
It’s changed for the better
Although Ubisoft has allowed people to turn off BOTH blood and gore, it’s still unsuitable for younger children. Just like any multiplayer game, there’s going to be people harassing others. I recommend your child to have a firm grasp of reality. If your child loves fantasy, medieval tales, or anything in between, go for it! Just have the thought in your mind that your child is going to play online, and monitor on them every once in a while.
Awesome fun action packed game
Great game!
Too many issues
The game is really fun and entertaining after I created Rookie (Your custom characters) I instantly clicked having my own Scarlett Speedster the epic cast of characters like Joker, Nitghwing, Batgirl, Reverse Flash and Deathstroke are just some of the great characters in the game no to much violences no swearing now with sexy stuff is were it comes in but not to much Nitghwing and Batgirl flirt and romantic tension is absolutely there but again not to much Harley and Joker Kiss Killer Frost holds your character's hand in non sexual way Catwoman makes a sexual joke about Batman they also flirt and Nitghwing falls on top of Batgirl in cutscene young players will not get the sexual reference. Also LGBTG or whatever people are present but not in story and there sexaulty us not present so there no way to tell if you don't know.Over all approite for all ages
My entire family enjoys playing this game. There are some weapons used, but most of the material in this game is well thought out by the developers to be cartoonish safe fun for fairly young audiences. The levels can be challenging, but a child can figure them out with enough practice. I would encourage parents to play this with their kids as it can be a fun bonding experience talking about the history of the characters as well as the story as it develops.
Did they test this game? We have found so many issues, characters get stuck in places, you get locked out, characters lock. So much fun but not up to the usual high quality of these games...
Decent
Easy game to play and great for kids.
not as bad as it seems
12+
Fine for teens
Its good for teens
Suitable for 12 and up
Based on your child
Amazing
Listen
Get your kid this game!
Amazing game
Probably the worst in the franchise but fine for kids 10 and up very small blood and that’s about it
Same game every year
Okay fame has action, brief language.
Worse COD game in the World!
An epic game that can be for anyone just needs the right setting
Perfect game
Great game! Watch for flying legs!
Really not that bad
Really not that bad
This game seems like it should not be 18+. All of the gore settings and profanity can be turned off in settings. I bought it for my 10 year old and it did not seem as serious of a military shooter as it advertises.
I think Cod Bo4 is a great game. A lot of parents don’t understand that you can turn off blood and gore. My children are allowed to play but have to have blood turned off and they can’t play zombies. If you turn off the blood it’s isn’t really bad. Most parents just don’t like to admit they’re child has grown up and play games like this. The rule for my children is when they turn 12 they can play. I say give it a shot, it isn’t as bad as people think. This website makes it look horrible but honestly it isn’t even that bad. I mean every kid needs freedom and needs to find out what they like. I say give it a shot. It really isn’t that bad and the trailer is worse because they are trying to sell the game. Also this game has no campaign which has the curse words. Zombies also has curse words but that’s why my children can’t play zombies.
I think that this game is fine for anyone 14 and up. Definitely not for kids under that, though. The game settings allow you to turn off blood and gore, as my 14 year old showed me, but it is still very violent for immature kids. I also will still not let my kid play zombies, i have watched videos and it looks very intensely violent and gory. I trust my kid with a lot of things but will only let him play Blackout and Multiplayer, definitely no zombies for anyone under at least 16. The game also has lots of bad language but i'm sure that unless you are offended by bad language then it would be fine for 14+. Thanks for reading my opinion!!! I hope it helped.
It is not as violent as the reviews say. You can turn of blood gore and language. As long as that is turned off it is no worse than any PG-13 movie. If you are still wary about this game I would suggest watching some one play it. Make sure you watch somebody with blood and language off if you want your kid to have those toggled off.
This game is suitable for ages 12 and up my 13 year old asked me to get this game for him reluctantly i said yes i saw the 18 on the cover and thought it would be to violent. I played the game myself and i seriously rate this game an 18 it is more like a 16, 13 at a push.
I think that this game is fine for teenagers, however if your child is rude or aggressive I think that your kid should wait for this game. You can turn off all of the blood and gore which also blocks out all of the swearing. With this mode on it is a Teen rated game and it just depends on whether your kid is mature enough for this game. It is all about if your kid is able to handle this game without becoming immature.
This game pretty much anyone can play,because of the setting to turn off blood
This game is one I am sure a lot of parents are worried about. I have 3 children so trust me when I say this I can “relate” my son mak is 14 and was desperately wanting this game. Obviously I said no, however my wife allowed him, I just want to say I watch him play the game I will will give it too my wife I wish I had this game I just want to let you know blood,gore and swearing can be turned off, this means to me that the game is about a 14-16 still not his age range but it’s a great game and I find he hasn’t changed unlike he did with “fort night” let your children have the game only if their above 12 it’s good and I like it
At first I thought that this game would be absolutely horrible and would not let my son get it. However he pleaded and at last i relented and since then I have realised that it is a fun and slightly unrealistic game. He had played it with his friends and has had a blast
My son wanted the game, At first I wasnt having it my son kept on nagging i kept on saying no, no, no. He then bought this game behind my back I was watching him play it was while he was playing it I releasized that he got the game. It didnt look that bad I let him keep the game as it wasnt bad i Would definitely recommend getting this game as it wasnt bad at all, all the critics are way to critical as you can just turn off graphic content.
I am a professional PEGI reviewer and rate games on common sense media.org. I noticed that commonsense media consists of many fake parent reviews and I want to start a movement for change. Please check my reviews on popular games, for trustworthy and informative reviews. This game is just like any other call of duty game. Same game every year. There is frequent profanity throughout including f**k, s**t, hell, damn, b*tch, and bastard. language is 8/10. Violence is constant, gore can be turned off. All shots result in some blood and RARELY dismemberment. Blood can barely be seen from far.(sometimes it can't) This game as always will get a 13+. Show less
If Black Ops 4 where a film, it would have several different ratings, and here they are: Multiplayer Graphic Content On - R for intense war action violence throughout and some language. Multiplayer Graphic Content Off - PG-13 for intense war action. Specialist HQ Story - R for graphic violence, language and disturbing images. Zombies - R for gory monster violence throughout, language, and bloody images. Zombies Cartoon Mode - PG-13 for zombie violence throughout, a brief sequence of gory slasher violence and frightening images and terror. Blackout: PG-13 for intense violence Overall Censored Version - PG-13 for for intense war action, zombie violence throughout, a brief sequence of gory slasher violence, frightening images and some terror. Overall Original Version - R for intense sequences of war violence throughout, gory brutal zombie violence and some language.
The game is so bad The graphics are so bad Not good for kids! (Mode doesn’t help) Gameplay is so bad I quit the game! COD bo4 is the worst game in the franchise of BlackOps!
I bought this game recently even tho the more recent Call of Duty is out (modern warfare remastered). Personally being the dad of four kids 3 boys. My youngest boy is 9 and my oldest is 12. I also have an 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl. I have been playing video games since the first doom came out and let me tell you games have changed. Anyway, the game is very easy to get right in and my 11-year-old boy I let him play and he loves it I also made sure that it wasn't too bloody or there wasn't too much swearing and it passed. Yes there is a setting to turn of the blood with I think is good but the blood itself is very minor. For the language, there can be the f word or the S word but you can turn off the dialogue but this isn't anything to bad. I do think that if your child starts saying these words you should ake the game away but personally the game isn't that violent a bit if shooting here and there but nothing an 8 year old can handle. Remeber that the title of M rated isn't really that true the blood isn't that bad also you can turn it off the dialogue can be turned off and the community isn't like other games also most people don't even use the microphones. If u think the game is pointless and stupid it isn't, kids will fight together in teams to outsmart the enemy in different tactics trying to capture the objectives and getting new weapons. For money and price, the zombie mode isn't worth buying its really just stupid and not fun also you cant turn off the blood in zombie mode but they look really ugly.
If your kids are not scared of gore or anything then this is perfect but if they are you can turn off all the gory parts.
This game is really fun, but parents should know that your legs will blow up on a daily basis, and there is excessive blood. If parents don't want their kids playing shooters, then this is not the game for them. However, as an eight year old, I still think older kids would enjoy it. To be honest, the first time I saw the legs blowing up, I got pretty scared. Overall, it's an awesome game!
My son plays this game and I have been watching him play it for the past few days. Yes it has gore but it’s not like other games like left for dead 2 where it’s everywhere. He plays with friends and overall I think is a good game for kids over 13.
My son plays this game and I have been watching him play it for the past few days. Yes it has gore but it’s not like other games like left for dead 2 where it’s everywhere. He plays with friends and overall I think is a good game for kids over 13.
