call of Duty
Amazing storyline
Don't buy this!
Settings - Where are the settings?
Do NOT buy for 6 year old children
The Definitive Guide to the Best Shooter of the Year
Not as bad as people say it is
not to bad
Good... if you know what to do.
Good Game.
My kids love this game
Addicting FPS Game
Suitable for mature kiddos
Black Ops 4 Is not like other Call of Duty's
You can turn off graphic content
You can turn off graphic content
it's great
I live with my brothers and his kids, who play it all the time. My brothers Steve, Josh, and Parker. Parker has five kids who all play it. My daughter often joins in. This game has gave our family something entertaining to do in our apartment.
Its the same garbage they always put out. A copy and paste that Tryearche has been doing for years except they have gotten even lazier in recent games by not bothering with a single player campaign. Granted most of them were bad but when they are so to the point that the company says "maybe we shouldn't bother" and puts the game out for full or double price anyway, should say something to the consumer. Call of duty is a scam franchise. Their major success should be suspect on account of them not doing anything different for years. Some would argue polished experience, others who step back for a minute realize its another stamped out product feeding off their own customer base that they have become complacent with. No story other than go to another country and shoot the brown people until betrayed by our own superiors and then end by being grizzled American super soldier underdog that happens to have a functioning mech suit, tactical bombings on call and infinite resources. You're wasting your money on something that is all song and dance and will be crapped out with regularity next year and the next year as it has done over and over.
I want to turn off the blood and guts on this game but I cannot located the settings.
I let my 6 year old Cornelius play he was absolutely terrified there is blood, gore, swearing, and, zombies in the game. I just pray to god that my wife won’t ever find out that I let Cornelius play Call of Duty.
it is very good because you can disable gore and swearing
Call of Duty: Black ops 4 is the best shooter of the year without question. Not only do the 3 main modes cater to a variety of online players, but Treyarch also came through in providing non- paying players with equally fun and exciting experiences. The multiplayer offers unlimited hours of fun, customization, and strategy, in preparation of finding the best ways to take down skilled opposition. The zombies mode offers 3 sprawling maps to fight the undead on, allowing even skilled veterans of the franchise new ways to battle these fan favorite monsters. And the included Blackout mode is by far the best version of the Battle Royale sensation that so many gamers crave. Black Ops 4 is without a doubt an awesome game. This begs the question, is the new Call of Duty okay for your young kids? That's for you to decide. As of now Iv'e played the game for 67 hours. I have seen everything there is to see in this game. Upon being hit in multiplayer or Blackout, a large, dark puff of red blood will appear briefly, and upon every consecutive hit. On some occasions in multiplayer, the arms or legs on targets can and will be torn off by specialist abilities. These include: A bow, a giant revolver, or a large metal projectile stabbed into the ground. The MOG 12(Shotgun) is also capable of completely blowing the legs off of the members of the opposing team. When these instances of dismemberment occur, streams of dark blood spurt out of the afflicted limb. This effect is extremely jarring, even having seen it numerous times. These instances aren't very frequent, but definitely aren't rare by any stretch of the word. It should be noted, too, that in Blackout, gore isn't present, and combat is usually over extreme distances. In zombies, blood is much more frequent, but very brief due to the large groups of zombies attacking the player at any given time, meaning focusing on the blood and gore means certain death. There are no, "Organs flapping out of open wounds." Not sure who decided to say that, but they were clearly attempting to be dramatic. The mitigating factor to all this violence are that aside from some minor language spoken by the drill instructor is specialist HQ, everything a parent could potentially find offensive about this game (Aside from the vanilla bloodless Sci- Fi shoot- outs) is removed completely. The zombies mode even has a cartoon mode that enables cell shading, and makes that particular mode look like a cartoon. Given this information, you may begin to see why my recommended age is 14+. As a 14 year old, I find that turning disabling the mature content makes this game perfect for a teenager. However, it is your decision as a parent, not mine if your child can handle the violence within the game
Take it from someone who plays call of duty everyday after he comes back form work. I honestly think that people criticise this game way too much just because call of duty has releaed some 18+ games like call of duty WWII does not mean this is the same. Believe it or not there is even a setting that allows you to turn off all th blood scenes. Perfect for kids that 12 yrs and above.
I think its a good game
So my 13-year old has been begging me to get him this game, so I did some research. When I was first looking around, I saw that the game was rated M for blood and gore, violence, strong language and drug reference. I was ok with everything but the blood and gore. But it turns out that if you go into the game settings, go to interface and go to content filter, there are some settings involving hide blood and gore, zombie cartoon mode (in the zombies mode, zombies are very bloody and gory and usually either explode into a rain of blood or lose limbs. With zombie cartoon mode, however, they become more like fake zombies, and disappear when shot.) and a mature language filter. My son is not allowed to play without these settings on, but with these settings it looks like other teen rated games he has like Fortnite. I'm 51 years old, and I've even been starting to like the game, especially zombies (with the content filter, of course!).
If you turn off the blood gore and swearing then it is fine
My kids love this game ever since they got it and you can turn off profanity, it is fine in my opinion.
Black Ops 4 is a great entry into this franchise, redeeming the series after the disappointment of BO3. Violence-wise, the is puffs of blood when shooting an enemy, and rarely, some gore, but nothing too brutal. If you play some of the characters stories, the cutscenes contain some pretty graphic gore at times, but they can be skipped. Zombies mode is pretty gory, but its a bit cartoonish, so it isn't that bad either. The blood and gore can be turned off, and if zombies is still too intense for you child, there is a cartoon filter. Beside that, there is some occasional f-bombs and sh*ts, but thats it.
If you think your kid is mature enough for a little swearing than it is a perfect game. Most of the cursing is in the “story” which can be chosen not to play and you can turn off the speech of the specialists avoiding all cursing. You can also turn off blood and gore.
I think that this game should be for 12+ because first of all the gore and violence in game should be for 18+ but you can turn of graphic content, which essentialy makes it like a cartoon shooter with no blood, no limbs being severed, no swearing. The game is easily made for 12+ by turning that off. When turned off they cant access the specialist backstory videos if they have gore in them. And the zombies gamemode gore is mostly taken away. This game is really good and is a blast if you are 12+
This game is spectacular but the battle royal could get kind of boring. When the game comes to violence this game has any other shooter games violence. When it comes to drugs their are med kits. When it comes to language their are swears galore and players could swear on chat and could swear over voice chat. Overall this game is pretty good and is fine for children 12 and over.
You can turn off graphic content from the start and rilly is not as bad as it seems. I don't know who rated this game but obviously the never played the game and even if they did they didn't play with graphic content off because it is like fortnite
You can turn off graphic content from the start and rilly is not as bad as it seems. I don't know who rated this game but obviously the never played the game and even if they did they didn't play with graphic content off because it is like fortnite
Very appropriate
Great
It's not that bad
Not for children
It's the worst COD
Very poor game
Great game
not as bad as you'd think
How much time do your kids spend gunning for headshots?
Could be a good game, but it's not.
Has a great censor option
It's not bad at all!
Not That Bad
Not so bad
Safe Mode ERROR
BO4 review
This game is fine
LOL 18+ is just not accurate at all
LIT
I think that this game is very appropriate for kids 12+ You can turn off blood and gore. Other games such as tom clancy are more violent beacuse you cannot turn blood and gore off.
I think Cod Bo4 is a great game. A lot of parents don’t understand that you can turn off blood and gore. My children are allowed to play but have to have blood turned off and they can’t play zombies. If you turn off the blood it’s isn’t really bad. Most parents just don’t like to admit they’re child has grown up and play games like this. I say give it a shot, it isn’t as bad as people think. This website makes it look horrible but honestly it isn’t even that bad. I mean every kid needs freedom and needs to find out what they like. I say give it a shot. It really isn’t that bad and the trailer is worse because they are trying to sell the game. Also this game has no campaign which has the curse words.
This game doesn't have any scary scenes and there isn't that much gore, you would just get a blood splash when you hit people and there is not tons of blood when a person dies, It has many fun modes.
I see that a lot of comments here say you can turn off the graphic content, but that does not affect how people talk to your child online or how your children talk to other people. Because this game is largely played online, the online rating is unrated. Please teach your children etiquette with a headset and microphone if you’re allowing them to play.
Honesly it's the worst COD... But hey, if it's your first COD then I guess you will enjoy it!
I think black ops is at a end tbh it’s gone worse to worse best one they made was black ops 1 I would say don’t waste ur money all they want is more money in the game u expect people to sit in zombie games for hours with very little reward money money money that’s all u people want ww2 is a much better game very rewarding with what u do treyarch give up poor reviews poor game play poor servers stupid game modes shocking waste of money
This is not as violent as you might think. Buy it for your kids if they really want it.
its not as bad as all the ads would suggest because you can turn off all graphic content in settings like blood cursing and gore.
So, I'm sure this game is just fine just like all the other FPSs out there and sure, you can turn off the gore, that's great! But, ask yourself this: How many hours a week does your kid spend gunning for headshots? So, turning off the blood doesn't mask the fact that your child is getting encouraged to find the biggest gun money can buy and literally just start blowing people away hour after hour day after day. This is not a healthy lifestyle. There are zero positive mesages, zero team skill building exercises and you walk away from the game frustrated and anxious. Get them a Nintendo and play Mario or Zelda. Squishing koopas and saving princesses is a much better life lesson. First person shooters are lame, and have been since DOOM. Time to move on America! Just say no to FPSs!
To cut a long story short, the weapons that require no skill to use are overpowered ( such as the Lmg's), the servers are horrible, the specialist abilities are stupid, they've completely removed Ajax with his big nerf. Truth be told, this call of duty sucks in my opinion.
This game at its core is extremely mature, but if you turn on the mature content filter in the settings the game becomes good for any age. Though you can take out the blood and swearing it is still a game about war and killing, so make sure your child knows that
I think it is not a bad game for children because if you turn off blood and gore it does not look like a mature game anymore!!
These Days Parents Don't Realize That Just Because a Game Is Rated M Doesn't Mean Its Bad. Ratings These Days Are Overdone The Game Has No Cussing No Sex Or Nudity. It Has Blood But You Can Turn It Off. This Game Deserves A T Rating and I think Anyone 10+ Could Play This. Don't Judge A Game By It's Rating Read Reviews By Parents.
It think that it shoud not be +18. I allowed my son to play this at twelve after seen the trailer.
Save mode ERROR!!!!!!
It is an amazing game and I like that you can still t-bag people and its not to expensive.
Having played most of the other call of duty games myself, I know that they are really not that bad. We can't deny that there is violence in the world already and this GAME is not going to make any one extra violent. For example you watch videos on youtube on how to reload and shoot a gun in real life.
Parents should know that this game is rated M for strong language strong violence/gore and i dont think anything else is that bad and FYI they ask you when you start if you want to cencor the swearing and gore if you turn that off then i say 10+ but if your kid goes to school they will hear 10X worse language in school and its not very frequent but does include f**k and s**t and there is a kind of Champaign but not really and you can skip it thats where most of the swearing is and in multiplayer if you puck the specialist "ruin" sometimes he will say "its about f***in time" but seriously if your kid wants this game just buy it. Its not a harmful game in the slightest. I have been playing since the OG black ops the past games had alot more graphic things in them but i highly reccomend this fun action shooter that is great for friends to get online and play together. Untill next time, bye
I would SO buy this game for my kids. They loved it and said I was the best mom ever. I even like the game and I don't play video games.
