This game is awesome
Black Ops 4 Battle Royale
Not as it seems
Great game
real common sense
12 and up Easily
My sisters 8 year old son got this game and I watched him play it. It looks like an exelent game you can turn off blood and language. If you have a child that likes these type of games and is 10+ I would definetly recomend this game to them
I'm Surprised Its Rated M Its Really not bad there is blood but it just looks fake has guns too. I would Say the Only M part is blood
amazing game for my kids to learn
I am familiar with the cod franchise, I always thought it was the most violent a game could get so when my 13 year old son pleaded me to get the game i said no, He showed me other games like GTA5 and Mortal Kombat. I immediately reversed my way of thinking cod was not the most violent game out there it is simply portrait to be. I got my son the game but forced him to turn off graphic content. He has had endless fun and laughs, Easily the best purchase I have made in a while.
My kid kept on nagging me to get this game and I finally gave in but before I let him play I played it myself and the age rating is way too high. There is hardly any blood and is quite fun for even me to play. I recommend that all parents that have kids above age 11 should be able to play because its not as bad as the 15+ tells you.
honestly these reviews and age recommendations are completely overreaction back in the day kids could do so much more now they cant leave the house some may not want to but can but most arent allowed
This is a very appropriate game which should have an age rating of 12 as it has near to none blood and nothing sexual therefore i think this game should be rated 13.
I really don’t think it’s that bad because you can turn off the blood setting and you can switch the match attire to make the wrestlers not expose skin. Also, my kid has played it and he has not been violent. I was adding that because I have talked to other parents about this and that is what they were worried about.
Game Wants its Characters to be "Sexy"
NOT a chance for kids under 16
would aprove for kids
Best assassin's creed game yet!
Brilliant World in excellent ac game
You can turn of the blood
Excellent... with limitations.
EPIC ADVENTURE IN ANCIENT GREECE, CONSTANT VIOLENCE AND SEXUAL REFERENCES
What?
A age review - This game is suited for teens
Listen to me for a sec
So historically accurate, but very bloody
[Few Spoilers] Awesome game, violent but no sex on screen
The game is ok
this game is fine
Great for age 9 and up
Can't fault
Great
Amazing!
NOT BAD
I was thinking about getting the game for my younger son. But i discovered my older son has the game and has it for a few years now. The main character "Kassandra" has way too many skimpy outfits that expose more skin then necessary. If you do not believe me look up hear are a few minor sets, "AC odyssey Athena's Armor Set" and "AC odyssey the sacred Oracle set." Also, there is a a supposed "very graphical and accurate" nudity/love making scene.
Very, Very, Very disgusted to have to return this game back to Steam. I'm not a Karen (I'm a male) but I do understand what is ”safe” and what isn't for my 12-year-old son when it comes to video games. After begging for Assasins Creed Odyssey for Christmas, I decided to watch some YouTube video reviews and read a few articles on the overall game. I was actually excited for my son to be playing a historical inspired game. I bought him a game key for Odyssey and waited until Christmas day for him to open it up and begin to install it on his computer. Anyways, Christmas day came and he was super happy to find out that he now owns the game. After a few days of owning the game, I went into his room and was disgusted to find out what was on his screen. There was a muscular, beautiful brunette girl with a braid (who I believe is the main character) was completely nude. The screen was tolling up and down her, REVEALING EVERYTHING. Parents I want to keep it family friendly here, but the camera was showing “Everything,” I was horrified as it was extremely graphic. I thought it was an Adult film or something, but when I pressed the button for home, it brought up the games pause menu. The video game was so accurate about her “stuff” that I thought it was a legit adult film. I haven’t told many people about it because the game has been out for awhile now, but do be warned. I am sick that people actually enjoy seeing that stuff and knowing that a kid could easily get access to the game.
coming from a christian famly i would like to think this game isnt that bad, would totally let kids 13 and older play it
This game is absolutely phenomenal, but it is a pretty violent game, it also has lots of swearing, and there is some references to sex. But overall, I would let a teenager play it.
I have played all of the games in the assassin's creed series, and besides ac unity, all of them have been fairly okay for tweens. This game is no exception. This game is not the best in the series, and certainly not the most violent. You can turn off blood in this game and there is no gore. The blood is brief and rare and sprays can be slightly unrealistic. Violence in my opinion is a 7/10. Sex is optional and rarely happens(twice). It is off screen. The only problem you can have with that is sexual reference. Sex in my opinion is 4/10. The main problem I have with sex is that there are naked statues. If you have been to school or museum like this, that should be no problem. There are plenty of naked statues throughout these places. Swearing is the biggest problem, but still is a small problem. Throughout the campaign I heard about 4 f words and 2 s words but that is it. Maybe I didn't notice some, but I was suprised it got 5/5 language instead of 3/5 or 4/5. Language for me was 5/10. This game is just like the other ac games, (besides unity) it just never pushes past a specific boundary. Alcohol is used quite a bit and in abundance, but can be easy to miss. This for me was a 2/10. If this was a movie it would be pg-13 or age(15) in the uk for frequent and bloody action, brief sexual references, and language.
Its intense, brutal in parts but you can always turn of the blood, there are statues that are nude and there is sex but you cant see it. Great story, cool characters really worth playing.
I have always loved these games, and I never did play AC: Origins. So this is the first AC game, with this new format, that I have played. They really changed the game in a very good way. In my personal opinion, and it is simply what I follow, any language, and any sexual content is too far, and that is why I never played Origins, is because there is nudity in the game. I got this game, with a good conscience because you can turn off the voices/subtitles, and there is no nudity in the game. You can, however, flirt with characters, and then the screen will cut to black implying sex, before you return to the game having seen nothing. This is never necessary, and completely avoidable. The language seemed light to me, however, like I previosuly said, any language is too much, but I play without voices or subs. With all of this in mind, the only other topic to touch on is the violence. Blood splatters at impact with swords, bludgeons, spears, and the like. There are some greusome cutscenes in which people have spears shoved through their faces. Cutscenes are skipable, and blood can be turned off. I play the game for the fun of it, and not for the story line. I play with no cutscenes, and no voices, I leave blood on, and the game is excellent. If you want it just of the gameplay, you can easily do that with the settings in the game, and turning off language and blood, and avoiding sexual interaction (which is few and far between) I would say this is a 15+ game. But, with all of that in, definitely an 18+.
Ac Odissey is great game if want to learn more about the history and mitology of ancient Greece. But the game has a lot of violence (blood can be turned off): The player can use several weapons to kill hundreds of enemies, such has swords and bows. It also has sexual references (real sex is not shown on screen): some NPC'S talk about sex, and the player can choose to romance other characters. But the morality of Alexios or Kassandra will depend on the players decisions. Also, we can learn about the outcomes of our decisions, every action has a consequence. Some drinking, occasional profanities.
First off What? This games nudity is not seen and is not that bad yes there Is causing and blood but that's all and the causing isn't even that bad
My teenager son started asking for this game and I was sceptical. After completing this game, I found that violence is to the minimal it's more about defeating mythological creatures rather than assassinating, There is no drinking involved and there is no sexual content except for statues showing genitalia which is in Greece Anyway. Blood and language can be turned off too!
First of all it’s called assassins creed so of course there’s blood though you can turn off blood there still is gory cutscenes, stabbing in the mouth and gory kills. Plus you can also have implied sex. The language is pretty bad s**t, f**k etc. but honestly the main guy is an amazing role model and teaches us Lots of lessons throughout this Greek journey. And after a while the controls get Real easy. I love it, the crowd loves it, oh we all love it! Cmon parents give your kid a chance. I hope this review is helpful
This game is almost 100% accurate, it takes place in ancient greece, you can be a male or female character but it does not make it more or less inappropriate. The game features so much blood, more than I have ever seen in a video game, but if somebody got impaled it would just show blood and no hole. The game has a fare amount of language, but not nearly as bad as it is said to be. I mean the game kind of has nudity, it shows genitals and breasts on statues, but if your kid took history class then they have already seen many off this same kind of thing. It does allow sex but it does not show it physically, it is from behind a wall. The game has robbing a currency called drachmae , and it does allow you to purchase items but that is nothing to worry about. Of course this is Greece so the only drugs is whine which is considered drugs in video games. But this game is very difficult. So the game is good for any kid that can withstand a huge amount of blood
You play a spartan warrior, who got separated from his family and who tries to find them. So of course, there is violence, gore stuffs, spears through the face, etc. You can turn off blood but the violence is still here imo. If your kid watched 300 or Game of Thrones, it's way worse than this game. The sex isn't showed at all on the screen, only a few moaning and a little talk, but the only thing you see it kisses. The ending of the game depends on what you did during it, you can either kill your entire family, or get them together, so if your kid is really young (10-13), i'd say that you'd better play with him to help him with the dialog choices and see the happy ending.
As long as your kid Is mature enough to handle a lot of blood there are no direct sex scenes where you see but there are statues of nudity but those are all in actual Greece and have a sort of educational aspect.
Not even mentioning the sheer historical accuracy of this heavily underrated game
I watched my 14 year old play this game and it was perfectly fine! Little swearing, a lot violence but blood can be turned off.
People highly overprotect children these days. There is moderate swearing but children are usually exposed to that anyway.
This game is not too mature, common sense highly overprotect it, blood can be turned off and swearing is at a minimum
This game is amazing! It has beauty, style, and history! The goriness of this game can be turned to a minimum if you turn blood off and there isn’t much swearing. Finishers can be brutal though.
COMMON SENSE MEDIA OVERRATES AGAIN, GOOD FOR OLDER KIDS&lt; VERY EDUCATIONAL, BEST AC INSTALMENT YET, THOUGH IT DOSEN'T REALLY HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE ORIGINAL ASSASSIN"S CREED. HAS VIOLENCE, BLOOD, MILD LANGUAGE, BRIEF SENSATIONAL CONTENT
Don’t let 14 and under play if you are sensitive
Alright for children over 11. Overrated Sexual content and Violence.
Good game, but the CSM review is a little too protective...
Excellent game for older child
Too overated
A great murderous rampage
Fine for teens
What parents should know.
Great game with many historical accuracies.
Great game, really good at passing time.
Great Game
Misunderstood
amazing!
Not Bad
Its not that bad
Parents hear me out
Honestly, it’s not a bad game. It’s historically correct, however, there are sciences where people are drinking and/or drunk. There is nudity, but only on Greek statues. There is no shortage of violence, and there is a chance to “romance” the NPC’s however, you don’t actually see the sex happening. It’s a good game, great storyline, lots of Im game content. And some of the NPC’s and even Alexis or Cassandra (depending on which one you pick) can be good role models for your children. They fight for what they believe is right in order to help people and fix the problems in the world.
While the rating did say there was sexual content, there was almost none, save a few statues with nipples and penises exposed. My 12 YO son has been playing it for a few months, and from watching some of his playing, it seems like the violence is quite overrated, at least from this enstallment. I would say 11 YO at the lowest, any lower and it might be a bit inappropriate.
Well, to begin with, the game is designed very well with a lot to do, so if you think your kid will get bored of this quickly, think again. It is a great open world game with a lot to explore and find. After 2 weeks of my 14 year old son begging for me to just look at it, I finally did. I found just as much violence and killing as I thought I would but, it turns out you can turn off the blood in the game is wished. There is incredibly small amounts of nudity, only from a handful of statues, and there is no real bad language that my 14 hasn't heard. It's a great game that my son is having loads of fun with. I would say that most 14 year olds can handle that violence. Also, my kid knew that it took place in the Peloponnesian War so he even got a slight amount of history from it. Great game, great for eighth graders and kids who are 14 years or older. Hope this helps out!
There is violence-however-it is killing the “bad guys”. The graphics are stunning. I was more concerned with possible sex in this game. So there are options that can be accessed on a menu screen-one of these options is a heart symbol. The description of what happens if you select the heart is “flirt”. My son is 11 and we have not let him play the game unsupervised. So far-after many hours of play-there has been no sex or nudity of any kind. Including statues ( not that that bothers us-we are Greek and do not find nudity in ancient art offensive). But I find it interesting that I had read about so much nudity and have seen none. There are some swears-the “f” and “s” words. And many in Greek. Overall -if you let your child play video games with some violence-then there is nothing to worry about here.
There's not that much violence there's no sex and nudity ever seen and they worst they say upto is shit #Notthatbad your kids would hear way way worse at school its a game that involves strategy focus and war good enough for 10 and up
The Language is largely not an issue, rated 12 movie wise. Nudity? Nothing other than statues as far as I can see. Violence - plenty. Lots. Implied to a degree, but you are clearly impairing hundreds of people with a spear, through the head, body , snapping necks, chocking them to death, or a combination of all of them. Setting people on fire, throwing them to sharks (although largely unseen), kicking them off cliffs, oh and killing every animal about without any judgement, comeback, or issue. It isn’t killing bad guys, it is mostly soldiers, but there is no ‘bad’ side. As a result it is amoral, entirely mercenary. You also get many contracts, as a mercenary, to murder in cold blood for exceedingly dubious reasons. Civilians often join in fights in towns, with predictable results for them. In short, violence is the issue. My 10 year old could handle it, but I don’t want him to and am concerned about it. I am a keen gamer, this is an excellent game with a brilliant gameplay ‘loop’, but it isn’t for anyone not fairly well settled in high school in my opinion. Insofar as learning about history, you would learn the same from watching ‘300’.
No nudity, no sex, little swearing. The only thing is blood which can be turned off easily.
I think in the past the media has built a grotesque image of not such a bad franchise. I also think that compared to games of the same rating like doom it is not that bag. As a side note I personaly as a pop culture consumer (Mabye a bit too much rap for my age.) think that it shoude have a teen rating I mean just look at what parents and kids are saying for the avreage age rating. So in the end I think it is okay for your child as long as they are 11+ to play
There is an option to disable blood fx, and with that on, it is no worse than a pg 13 movie. There are many historical sites to visit and learn about, and the game provides fun-facts about ancient Greek culture on loading screens.
I let my 11 year old son play it, and I know some people complain that "it swears" or, "it has blood", but you can just turn the blood off in the gameplay settings. It's labeled under Blood FX by the way. And to remove most of the swearing, just go into the audio settings, and turn off the subtitles. And, if your kid has headphones to hear the dialog, just ask them to remove the earphones during cutscenes where the main character is talking to an enemy. They say it has "Sexual themes", but the only sexual thing shown is the male privates on some Greek statues, and they would have learned about that in health class anyways. The main thing Common Sense Media think is "Sexual" about this game, is that you can choose to stay overnight with another character sometimes, and sometimes it will intend that you will have sex with them. If your kid does choose to do this, the screen will just fade black and will start to load, then resume the game, beside the house of the character you just stayed with.
This game is amazing and is lots of fun, my son Gabe has had this game for a month and absolutely loves it, there is some violence and language but I made him turn it off in the settings. The only sexual themes is on the statues but come on they have seen the same stuff in health class at school so I feel like this game is for kids 10+
This game is VERY misunderstood for it rating. ESRB labeled it with sexual themes because of the stone statues but there is no actual sex. Also it is also somewhat educational. You will learn about the old Greek philosopher Sokrates and Greek author Barnabes. And last of all the language. The language is not that bad if you raise your kid to know that bad language is not acceptable. I think if your kid is 13 or older they will have no problems with this game.
I think it its a good RPG game that may include sexual things but is off screen and kids in year 4 and over already know about it and hear rude language often
The game has very few bad words and sex the sex is just talking then it goes into a black screen. The blood isn’t that gory it’s just a blood splatter there and here.
Yes, there's some violence and one or two bad words, but otherwise I don't see why its 18+. I did some research and found that Europe is one of the only places that rate this 18+.
As a parent of 3 I don't let my kids just play anything, I have limits and so this is great for my 12 year old twin daughters. Reason I say this is because they play all A.C. games and the whole purpose of these games isn't to teach war or how to kill, but to learn about history. my twin girls are terrible at social studies in school (not that they're not trying, its just complicated to comprehend), but I let them played the A.C. games and next thing u know they learned A LOT about history. reason is say this is because assassins creed games takes place in different time eras like Egypt, London, paris, A LOT. So the games not only helped my daughters grades but also taught her more of the past including me as well, I was blown away with the graphics but the history story telling is on point. There is no sex in this game, just nude statues like in art and the blood can be turned off in most A.C. games and there is no serious gore. In all A.C. games yes there is killing, but not the sole purpose or plot is to kill, killing is only at bad guys and never gruesome like blood splattering horror type, just normal blood. I recommend this game to everyone 12+
