Lots of fun, but 4.5 YO Daughter not quite there, yet
Super fun for Everyone's Favorite Character
me me good game
Pre-Review PSA: You can only play this with the Joycons. Unable to play with Switch Pro Controllers. Entertainment Value - So my 4.5 YO daughter (we'll call her "Rosalina") loves this game and we played it quite frequently (until I got her Luigi's Mansion 3, anyway). We got this game after she had just turned 4 and it took some time (a month or two in som cases) to understand what to do on many minigames. Luckily, the game has a practice mode before every minigame that you can take the time to show your child before going the real thing which helps a lot. She now has her favorite minigames, modes, and maps. We've definitely gotten our $60 worth out of this game. Replay Value - As far as game modes, there are 4 modes and all 4 modes are playable with up to 4 people. But you can always substitute in computer players if you don't actually have 4 people, so you do not need an online subscription to get the full benefit of the game. All the modes are fun and enjoyable. The real fun with this game is the minigames. Some of them are an absolute blast. My favorite is probably the Paparazzi game and Pie Hard. We've also had a few really good laughs at the penguins minigame. There's enough to do in this game that as long as your switching maps or modes with some regularity, the only time it gets boring is when the game randomly selects the same minigame modes back to back or within a few turns of one another. Hand/Eye Skills and Critical Thinking - On the board games, you will have to help strategize for your little one, which mine was happy to let me help. She understands she needs to get the star and what the different spaces do, but I often have to show her the best way of going about getting stars (and when necessary, why one fork in the map is better than the other). If s/he has the motor skills to play Mario Odyssey or can play reactionary games on a smart phone (i.e. temple run, fruit ninja), s/he should be able to grasp the beginnings required to play Mario Party and take the next step at fine tuning some of those gaming skills and adding to it. Bottom Line: If you have the patience and don't care about winning, while your little one may not provide a ton of assistance, s/he will excel at some things quicker than others and will pick up on the game quicker than you think. This game has provided hours of fun and can promote real teambuilding and strategy (that you the parent will often need to prompt/direct if child is not quite old enough to strategize). Only reason this didn't get 5 stars is because a small portion of the minigames (3-4 games out of 80 total) are really just fillers and/or not much fun and I wish there were more than 4 maps.
This game is fun for kids and adults. Parents taught their children to read instructions using their Joy-Con Controllers. It's fun teaming up in River Survival with 4 players to join. It's memorable like previous Mario Party titles.
this game is good.
it really fun and lets kids be creative but has online chat
it fun has alot to do kid alot to do to keep kid busy and online does a great job of preventing cussing
the best open world driving game for all ages.
For children I Am thoroughly impressed by how much freedom and exploration you have in Forza Horizon 4. It is rare that you can find an E rated game that allows you to go anywhere and do anything and is not violent. No running over people or the like. I truly recommend this game to anyone who likes open world games but wants to avoid the violence and dark themes of most other free roaming games. While it has mostly positive points there are still some issues worth mentioning. The game allows one to drive recklessly and dangerously and the player's car is indestructible. The car handling is highly unrealstic and is not a driving simulator like Gran Turismo. The player can crash through much of the environment such as fences and walls and there are sometimes animals which appear. The animals cannot be injured or killed however. this game unlike other driving and exploration games also lacks police which is good because then it does not tempt and encourage players to run from police the way Need For Speed does. At the same time it also makes it appear that laws don't really matter and there are no consequences for dangerous driving. it seems to be the idea of the perfect world where we could all drive any car we want and drive as fast as we want and nobody to tell us otherwise. if the Forza car festival existed in real life however then many more of us would be dead on the roads. If your kids are getting their driver's licenses then just make sure they know the difference between a game and real life. Otherwise you cannot go wrong with this game and it is really groundbreaking for what it is.
Kids Love It
I have played this cute little game and my 10 yr old daughter loves this game. Its just a cute platform game for VR.
Eleventh Installment a Success in Popular Robo-Blasting Franchise
I have played all the former 1-10 series and was skeptical that 11 could live up to the 8 bit adventures of its predecessors (with the exception of 7 and 8). This one did not disappoint. Mega Man returns, this time equipped with one of Dr. Wily's robotic upgrades, the Double-Gear System, to take on the infamous doctor. It has all the elements of the classic Mega Man series: 8 robot masters and then Wily's fortress where the player must defeat the mad scientist himself. The violence in this game, while still cartoon-like in nature, is a step up from the previous games. There IS voice-over in this game, dialogue between Mega Man and the robots and scientists which can add to the thrill of the experience. No swearing or anything else that would be inappropriate for kids. Just lots and lots of robot blasting.
BEST FIGHTING BATTLE GAME!!!
the game does look realistic but the fighting is unrealistic. So far, I have not heard any cursing but i have heard sentences such as "what the hell".
The worst football game in the world!
Disaster
The best
If you want to play or buy FIFA 19, think again! If you grew up with the classics don't bother with his game! The shooting has really really messed up this year. You get 3 things, smashing it over the bar, smashing it wide or tapping it to the goalkeeper. You rarely get it on target. Even toddlers and primary school kids can kick it better than those useless professional players! The only sensible teams are the computer controlled ones. Why charge £50 for a useless game! I just want to play football without all the new rubbish they added this year. For example the league tables has messed up a bit. In the previous editions you could see all of the table. This one you can't. Also the penalties are so messed up you end up missing or them being saved by the keeper. Rubbish! Transfer window is pointless too try signing a player they end up rejecting most of the time! If you want to get frustrated and disappointed, this is the game for you. Stop messing up EA I will never play this FIFA or future ones. Shame on you.
I have an 8 year old son and he advised that to build your perfect team as a competitive child you need to buy points to move on in the game, to build a dream team with the best players... £300 later we realised he had spent the money building his “dream team”. That aside on further research it suggests that the strategies used in these games are preparing children minds for gambling and taking great risks, I don’t know about you, but I think it’s a disaster. I would advise that parents monitor and supervise play in younger children so that they can interject and advise to play responsibly and that it is fun. Children should not be looking to these devices for esteem and self worth. The Xbox is now sold and the £300 replaced, we may consider it again when he is older. Big mistake.
I started a week ago and already have a 184 squad with firmino and road to final lingard as well as ederson so the people claiming u need to buy Fifa points r deluded just manage ur coins well. This will teach your child a lot financially
Good game, irritating mechanics
MTG ARENA is a Broken game
Great variety of cards and tactics you can apply. Very good graphics/animations, unlike other similar games where the board is full with vibrant hokums, you can't even see where are the cards, units... This game could be really fun. And it is, on the days when the algorythm let you play normally... People beleive in "true random generated" libraries (the pack of cards you start the game with). In reality it's roughly like one day you can win on the other day you can't. And it doesn't matter if you play 20 matches on a day, 90-95% of the time you will loose. If you played card games before (real) or just have a glimps of what statistical distribution means it is obvious that the developers are playing with you. I don't like artificially generated drama. So all in all: if you or your kid like card games and doesn't really interested in fair matches then get this game. Or if they like collecting things, like virtual cards here.
I have played magic for almost 22 years at tournament level and it is a fantastic strategy game. The introduction of MTG ARENA is the most disappointing experience i have ever had in Magic. The algorithm used is not even close to reality, let me explain. As previously stated I have played for a long time and NEVER have I drawn 7 lands in a row, in Arena I have drawn 7 lands in a row 8 times in 2 months. I have had bad draws in matches (accepted as part of the game and shuffle) but drawing things like all your big casters and 1 land, then mulligan, one land and the same cards, mulligan again, 2 lands of one color and all cards of a different color (down to 4 cards to start (if you accept it). I have played in drafts and get similar or worse. I don't rant or complain about many things in my life but once we contacted Valve we got an automated email saying the algorithm has been thoroughly tested and is fine and no action will be taken (they wont even accept the facts), then its time to move to hearthstone. Summary if you want to play magic the gathering, do it live as Arena is the worst example of MTG and the most disappointing game to play for the cost.
Review is way to high
It Requires Maturity To Understand
Violence to Animals
Episode 3 is the issue for me
This is for people who will think it's too much for your kid Your right- Dont let people under 13 play please TvT BIGGEST ISSUE IS NUDITY AND SWEARING
Here’s the thing, there has never been a life is strange game this thought provoking, that being said you need to take it seriously to like it. But concluding the fact, it’s a great game, one of my favorites,
The second episode includes an incredibly disturbing scene involving an animal the protagonists have become emotionally close to and another animal. Google "Mushroom life is strange" for spoilers. Do not recommend to animal lovers and those sensitive to harm to animals. Previously was a big fan of the LiS games but this put me off the series.
Episode 1 and 2 are safe of any nudity or sex but on the other hand by episode 3 there’s a lot of it and it’s also presumed these characters are still underage so take that for what it’s worth. Why bother playing ep 1 and 2 only to get to 3 and then have to deal with this complete 180...just a forewarning.
Best VR game ive played...real workout and fun
Its a fun balance of realistic and arcade style boxing
good game, but horrible physics
Still a Good Entry In a Strong Franchise
Pass or Miss
Bad game
The animations need work. The rev center also needs work. I have all my badges on gold/silver where they need to be and yet I miss easy open shots. I’m slow getting easy steals and blocks. The animations are really messed up and just need some work. As well as the park. Other than that I feel the game is pretty good:)
Pitiful MyCareer
Garbage
Worst game ever
2K19 is a good game, but it has it's problems. first, The physics I cannot stand. people can fly through my character and it makes the game feel incomplete. But the game is fun and high scoring for both teams. Also the graphics look great in my opinion.
NBA 2K has been around for a while now. While the graphics have slight improvements year after year, I still find myself feeling like playing the same game as last year's edition. We need something new 2K! It's been a while since a new mode was added. The franchise is just getting repetitive, and I'm getting slightly bored. Would recommend for newcomers, but still the same as last year.
Understand 2k19 is going for realistic gameplay but if I have a wide open shot with somebody likes Stephen Curry Michael Jordan Larry Bird Kevin Durant Scottie Pimpin Steve Kerr Kyle Kroger no one should have to pass the ball in order to make a wide-open non contested shot in the middle of a game especially on a fast-break and I don't know what it is with Shaquille O'Neal Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Manute Bol and Clyde Drexler missing post shots a non contested layups with almost full bars realistically unrealistic 2K if you're in it for the graphics good game but if you're looking for realistic gameplay it's not here
If you want a game to give your kid anger issues, or to spend all your money, buy this game. The game makes your player so mediocre you can't even stand to play for one game, and the only way to bypass that is to buy the NBA 2k virtual currency, which is ridiculously priced. The skill level is preset higher than previous years, and it makes the game not even playable unless you spend $50 and another $50 to make the player good.
The funnest thing for a dream chaser is the 2k19 MyCareer. As far as the gameplay and graphics it’s awesome. The MyCareer cutscenes on the other hand are way to long and it’s really bugging my time to play it. Thank god for the skip button but I wish I didn’t have to skip 20 darn cutscenes just so I can my player back on the court. It is nonsense 2k fix it.
Game is terrible . Don’t waste your money or time . Apparently players with 70 or under overalls are better than Giannis Lebron Harden etc. CPU fouls randomly when your not using . Just absolutely terrible. 2K needs to fix this broken game because it stinks .
Crashes a lot. Cannot coop in my league. Shooting mechanics are garbage. Don't care if they are going for realistic it is just not fun to play. start over and bring in a better game.
