Great Game! Multiplayer sucks though...
But the Nintendo Switch edition!
Buy the nintendo swtich edition!
This is a highly enjoyable game, but the multiplayer sucks. Violence. A character is kidnapped. Explosions. A bug is put in a mans mouth(you don't see it). You shoot aliens, no blood or gore, they just explode, sorta. Easiness. They have three settings you can choose from, easy, normal, and hard. The controls are easy to use. It's not that hard to play, just fun. Other Stuff. The lead alien does where a mask along with all of his followers. Littler kids may find him scary, or they'll just think he's cool. It really isn't that bad. Is it worth buying? Yes. But there is something you must know, the multiplayer sucks. When in multiplayer your ships have to stay close together, meaning you can't go and do your own thing while your partner does his own thing. You have to stay together. Other than that it's a great game. You can buy more ships to expand the game but they are not necessary to complete the story mode. Fun game, I recommend it. Thanks for reading my review.
This game is 100% awesome with the Star Fox crossover for the Nintendo switch! Buy it! Especially for the April update! Hunting down Star Wolf's teammates while playing as your favorite star fox teammates
But the nintendo switch version of this game! It's got star fox in it! The star fox team will perfect the plot!
Brutal and gorey, but not unsuitable for children.
Easy to learn, hard to master
It may be quite brutal and gorey, but not anything that a 13 year old and up wouldn't have seen in movies or games before, however, violence is the only factor that would make it unsuitable for kids.
This game is the definition easy to learn, hard to master. I could leave this review at just that, but that'd be no fun. So let's go into some detail... This game is a medieval hack'n'slash game that requires internet connection to play no matter what, even if you're playing solo on campaign you need internet connection.The game shines most in multiplayer, where it has most of it's features. Before we get to that, let's go over the story briefly, since it's really not complicated at all. So the story is: Knights attack Vikings, Vikings attack Samurai, and Samurai attack Knights. That's about it. The "story" is shallower than an evaporating puddle on the sidewalk and the dialog sounds like it was written by third graders. The biggest kicker is that the story tries to advocate a message of peace, despite the game play entirely being combat. Also the story itself doesn't even remotely have anything even close to peace, despite it claiming it does. The story telling also has a few plot holes, especially at the end. Now that the major criticism out of the way, let's get to multiplayer. The multiplayer (as stated before) is where this game shines most. There are a few different game modes: 1v1, 2v2, 4v4, Dominion, and Rituals. The first three are self explanatory, Dominion is zone control with two teams of 4, and Rituals is two teams of 4 fighting over ritualistic totems and need to take all three of them and keep them in their of ritual area to get perks to help and steal other totes from the enemies while they do the same. That's all fine and dandy, but the most notable is the combat. The controls are different, but are easy to learn, but also hard to master (hence the first sentence) and involves lots of parrying, combos, and light or hard attacks. You also have limited stamina and aren't able to fully regenerate over time and need to pickup health when injured. You can choose between three factions: Knights, Vikings, and Samurai. If you choose a faction, you can still play as a hero from either faction it just goes towards whatever faction you joined. Each faction has their own Vanguard (easiest one to play as), Defensive (shield users), Ranged (spear users), Assassins (fast attackers), and Heavies (users of large weapons such as great swords or hammers). If you know what you're doing, it should be pretty easy to play. Each Hero has their own executions to perform on enemies finished by a heavy blow, and they get BRUTAL. At first they weren't any worse that a Lord of the Rings movie but HOE LEE CHRIST did they change that! Players are able to decapitate, dismember, disembowel enemies in a variety of ways. This game is fun for those who know what they're doing. Not really for casuals.
The best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this game is ok i guess........
realy good
One of the best Lego games
Good For Kids
This game is super fun and there are so many cool characters and bosses to battle and use.
This game is amazing! 3 issues though....... I don't get why you don't unlock free play mode first thing. Why can you only steal veichles and not buy them? And lastly, why do the police always explode your cars! (ok i'll admit that is pretty funny) It's really funny when the legomen scream their heads off and start going coo coo poo poo bananas. To be fair, this game is suitable for 7+
Aside from the classic Lego Star Wars II: The Complete Saga, Lego DC Super-Villains is possibly the best Lego game out there. A faithful fan of Traveler Tales, the custom character system is a refreshing change from the standard Lego game system with boring levels and uninventive level design. The game is a lot more immersive than other Lego games, and takes the view of a villain. Great game and like all Lego games, easy to use.
Its a very fun game, there is no blood and its not violent at all, its just a game and there is lots of fun parts, get it for your kid and they will think your awesome.
Great
Good Game, Could have better stuff though
I put it at 6+ not because of the content but because if somebody very young plays this they will struggle with controls the controls are not hard but there are quite a few things you can do
Fun game the only reason it would be 7+ would be because of Bras If they didn't have that it would be 4+ fun game. If you don't games where you can hit than maybe you should watch a youtube video but totally safe game, cheap, and worth it.
Well-Written and Fulfilling Adventure (and no, the controls aren’t that bad you wimps)
Amazing Game, Amazing Message
The World Ends With You is a well-written JRPG produced and published by Square Enix in 2007 for the DS, before being remastered for mobile devices in 2009 (-Solo Remix-) and Nintendo Switch in 2018 (-Final Remix-). I first played Final Remix because I don’t own a DS, and I would first like to point out, that no, the controls aren’t that bad if you get used to them. You’re just cowards — the mobile port has pretty much got the exact same touch-screen control scheme and that game is PRAISED. The game follows Neku Sakuraba, an antisocial teen living in Tokyo’s Shibuya District in circa 2007. But his world is turned upside down when he is thrown into the Reaper’s Game, a deadly form of divine judgement where Players are judged on their strength, creativity and their teamwork and problem solving skills for a shot at being brought back to life. It’s trust your partner or be Erased from existence... but there’s one problem. Neku despises people. It follows his journey of opening up to the people around him and it’s very satisfying. -Spoiler warning before we continue- This game has so many twists and turns, especially those related to the side characters. Well, I say “side-characters”, they’re all main characters really. The stories of Neku, Shiki, Beat, Rhyme and Joshua are so vastly different yet blend together seamlessly once their worlds collide because of Neku right at the end of the game during the final boss, Shibuya’s Conductor Megumi Kitaniji. The core characters are Neku and his three game partners — Shiki, Joshua and Beat, alongside Rhyme, Beat’s first game partner and younger sister. There’s also Mr Hanekoma but overall he doesn’t show up much despite how vital he is to the plot — especially the post-game content and the “Secret Reports”. Final Remix includes a new bonus scenario known as A New Day, which I personally haven’t finished yet, and honestly it’s a huge pain in the butt because I have to grind so much. And it’s really hard (although, it is the Reaper’s Game “Expert Mode” so it’s pretty obvious why). Would I recommend this game? Yes. Are the controls that bad? No, you guys are just wimps.
The World Ends With You (or TWEWY) is an utterly amazing game targeted at teenage audiences about expanding your view of the world by opening up to the people around you. The main cast’s character development is inspiring, and the story is very well written. But here’s the kicker - everyone in the Reaper’s Game is dead, and fighting to get their lives back. The game goes over how some of the characters died, and in Neku’s case, shows the scene of his death. Multiple times. There’s no blood or anything and it’s not all that disturbing, but that’s still a 15 year old boy getting killed. Overall, I personally think the pros outweigh the cons, and that this game is perfect for any 13-16 year old kid who has problems connecting with their world. Oh and one last thing - the touchscreen controls are actually painful unless you have a stylus.
9 +
Not as bad as people say
Turn off blood and languge
Fantastic, fun, addictive shooter game is very competitive.
Really good
The worst black ops title
Perfect action packed game.
Pretty good but different.
the best game call of duty black ops 4
Great for anyone
Good, With some setting changes.
Call of Duty Black Ops 4
If you're mature
Its AMAZING
It's not the right age
It’s a good game for a mature 11 year old
Its pretty fun
An incomplete game.
Let's talk...
Bo4 is trash
The game is rated M-18+ because of the blood and gore. It is really graphic if you get shot blood gets on your screen and if you stab someone there arm might come of and sometimes heads may explode with head shots but you can turn of the blood,gore, and language that makes this game 9 +
To start of this game is amazing with great graphics and everyone really over plays the violence but if you turn off blood this game could be a 15 rated and if you purely play multiplayer (no zombies) you could pass this off as a 12. Also when people die you have a funeral for them.
If you turn off blood and language the game would receive a teen rating it is no were near as bad as a PG-13 Movie and It treats death very seriously and teaches you not to celebrate killing people unlike fortnight were you dance on dead peoples corpses in black ops 4 you respect them and give them a funeral.
This is the least most violent in the Black Ops series especially when you turn the graphic content off. With graphic content off I can easilly give this game an 11+ but here's how bad it is while keeping graphic on... Violence: 8/10. When you shoot people in multiplayer a little blood will spill out, but you can use knives and melee weapons to decapitate enemies. The only time gore is shown in multiplayer is with killstreaks but it's quite uncommon to get killstreaks. The only other time violence is very major is in the zombies mode where blood sprays everywhere on the ground and the walls. Sex: 0/10. Language: 7/10. F**k, S**t, ass, and more is used in the game, mostly in zombies but it's still strong.
Its a really good game as long as your child doesn't play the zombies mode if they are under 13. If they are over 13 they might be able to handle the gore within the zombies mode but if they are around 12, they should be able to play multiplayer without any problems plus you can turn off blood and gore.
This is easily the worst black ops game of all time, this takes everything from the previous games and makes it boring. The zombies game mode is no where near as fun as the previous game, the battle royale mode is just no fun and you’ll likely get killed within the first 30 seconds after waiting 7 minutes for the game to connect to the server and start. A lot of the content in the game you have to pay for which sucks and don’t even get me started on how long it takes this game to download, you’ll be waiting a good 2 and a half hours or more, maybe less if you have great internet. In terms of maturity level you don’t have to be that old to play it, and I say that because at the beginning your always given the option to turn off graphic content, this disables blood and gore (or at least most of it) and strong language which are really your two big things. You’re also given the option to turn on cartoony zombies which makes the zombies game mode a little more bearable for younger audiences. This is a terrible game and I really wouldn’t recommend it to anyone. Save yourself the disappointment and money and get yourself or your kid something better.
I think Black ops 4 is a very action packed game. It has a multiplayer and zombies mode were you can play by your self or with others. I would say there is not much violence. There is a small blood splatter when shot and you can turn off the blood in the in game settings. Along with blood you can turn off the language and there will be no cussing anywhere in the game. There is no reference to sexual content or drugs at all and you can buy in game content. I hope this helped someone and helped a parent decide, thank you for reading!
I do like this game, but it is missing features that should be there, such as reporting players (or at least I can't find out how). I was in a lobby with a foul-mouthed guy and I couldn't report him so I saved the footage of the round I played with him, and it didn't record the audio. No, it recorded game audio, but it didn't record HIS audio, so now I can't report OR have any proof of him being verbally abusive. But the game itself is fun and overall rather easy to play. But violence does get bloody and occasionally gory. Players use weapons ranging from fists to rocket launchers to kill zombies or other players. Players and zombies killed by explosives or high caliber weapons loose limbs, suffer decapitation, or explode into a bloody pulp of organs. You can use knifes to stab enemies and blood sprays all over the place. But this can be turned off. Some maps have visible bags of cocaine, but they cannot be used or interacted with. They will release DLCs for this game. Some potty mouthed players you can interact with online. There is no campaign. Should be OK for ages 13+
the game main focus is killing zombies and pretty violent and swearing
There is a content filter in the game and it’s has worked very well, I’ve played this game since it came out and it’s very entertaining.
It is good, I am 13 years old, just became a teen, and you should turn off blood and gore and for multiplayer, Its good for 13 year olds. For zombies I reccomend to be 15 or older since if I get caught playing zombies then im getting a whooping. 13 year olds should be allowed to play muliplayer but 15 for zombies basically. Age rating for this game should be 16 (Pegi info ratings). Guide your kids in zombies game mode but in multiplayer just disable voice chat. The text chat has a filter I've tested it.
Although the graphics and overall gameplay in this game are better than the previous game, what makes it lose a star is that there is no campaign. In terms of violence there is not that much while shooting, but when using grenades sometimes body parts explode.(This can be disabled in settings) The main point of this game is a mode called blackout. Almost the exact same as fortnite, in Call of Duty style graphics.
You can turn off blood, gore make zombies cartoon turn off profanity, voice chat and proximity chat. but it does ask you to buy alot of p2w items
The game is not recommented for at least 18 years but in my opinion it should be discouraged for at least 15 years because despite that there is blood, the decor remains unrealistic and impracticable in real life. Why not at least 14 years old ? Because despite the fact that the decor is not realistic, Call Of Duty Black Ops 4, remains a war game and that, in my opinion, from the age of 15 years, you can endure content that can be disturbing or even violent.
I am a kid that plays this and I don’t have gore on and I have mute everybody except my party on so I can’t hear the other people talking so if you do get this. Read every review on this thing to see if you want to let your kids play this.
Me and my Dad have been playing shooter games ever since I could hold a PS2 controller. I bought this and my little brother loves it. The gore can be turned off, the zombies swearing can be turned off and its overall really fun. Give your kids a shot its fun
They didn't even bother making a Campaign. They ruined Zombies, the most beloved mode in the Call of Duty Series, Blackout is a ripoff of other Battle Royale games. Multiplayer has the worst maps. This game has too many stuff locked behind a paywall.
Guys, this is the BEST GAME EVER! It is violent though. There are limbs flying around if enemies or zombie are blown up by grenades. Also, there is a lot of blood splattering. You can turn off the gore factor though. Also, it contains a lot of bad language. The F word is mentioned a lot of times, the S word is also mentioned a lot of times. As well as crap and asshole. In all it is good for fourteen and up.
Bo4 is overpriced, laggy, glitchy, and I don’t recommend buying it because of the regret that I and plenty of other people have had. People on this game make inappropriate gestures and use plenty of bad language. I also personally don’t suggest buying the game because it also is easy to crash and the gave gets on peoples nerves easily.
