Decent
Review
it not worth the money
Black ops 4
Good game
Good game, Too much Dlc
It’s fun
Nowhere near how bad people say it is
not that bad
It good game
worst game ever made
Not To Shabby At All
The Game Isn't Really That Bad
It’s a game
Graphic content filter settings can be turned off
Graphic content filter.
Very fun
Carful, kids get addicted. Might wanna set a time limit.
it has no campaign so it is mostly just online
This game isn’t worth the cash, but it’s not as bad as this reviewer says it is. The worst in violence is maybe when you shoot some one with a rocket launcher and their foot flys off. This game can’t even “glamorize” violence because of how fake it looks. The game looks like the GI Joes you used to play with when you were a kid. (Yeah that’s right, I know what GI Joes are) If your kid wants the game, let them get it, if anything, they’ll learn to spend money on a better games
This is basically Pub G. More fun than pubg weirdly but it is very good.
Its a fun game until you run out of things to do, then its weather you want to pay 60$ on a new gun... Activision
Not much swearing
I highly recommend this game, it is really good! Although, I am trash at it! If you don't want to see/hear the blood or swearing, (which isn't bad at all), you can turn it off in the settings. You also don't have to use voice chat, you can just mute everyone and turn off your mic. My friend and I played this together when she was 11, and she was not disturbed at all. WAY too overrated. Shouldn't be an 18.
so this game is rated M but its anyways not that bad some gore in multiplayer but in zombies mode and story mode is really bloody but you can turn off blood and gore but the story mode will still have blood no matter what but it does change the zombies mode with blood and gore i recommend this for 13 years old for the game with blood and gore but for 10 years old kids ts okay without blood and gore just make sure they understand to not use guns against people in real life
Very good game go pew pew
black ops 4 is so bad blackout is actually just a ripoff of fortnite and it sucks
It’s not bad it’s a basic non violent non cussing game if you turn those off I recommend the campaign definitely with out the cusssing but other thing already have none I think it should be 9+ Game!
In the game you can turn off blood, gore and profanity. You can also put a parental lock password on these filters so that your kids can't change it. One thing you should not let your child play is the zombies mode which can be gory. The multiplayer is perfectly fine.
There’s extreme violence, and language, however nothing else to worry about. The gore is infrequent but strong (shotguns blow off limbs, as do snipers and one of the lmgs, rocket launchers blow off limbs and blow enemies into chunks, as do grenade launchers and explosive blows.) but the blood and language can be turned off in the settings. All in all, adults will love this game, and teens will too, but you should turn off graphic content before letting the younger teens play, and not let even younger kids play at all.
I think it is not as bad as other parent think it is it should be for 10 year olds they don’t give barely any cussing and it’s fun to play split screen with your friend. Also Fortnite is getting kinda lame so this is a perfect game for you! As I said this should be for 10 year olds.Ps good game.
Though the game is only about shooting your enemies online with gory violence and strong language in game chat, you can switch off blood and swearing. Go to settings&gt;Content filter and you are able to switch off graphic content. Though if you leave the settings off, puffs of blood spurt out of enemies, when shot badly and healing yourself, drops are seen on your character's hands. Mild blood stains. Throwing a metal axe at an enemy results in blood and gore gushing out. Zombies mode is by far the most violent mode. Heads are seen on spears with blood on the face. Arenas can have some built in blood that can't be switched off. Language (when not turned off) is occasional. Use of "f#!k", and "$h!t."
This game is fun to play. Any kid can play this because you can turn off the blood and gore and strong language.
Amazing!
Looks like a 18+ game. Is a 11+ game
Its a toilet game
Game isn't as bloody as people say
real life
No campaign but good
Moderate to severe violence
oof
Perfectly fine
This game is for adults
this is not 18+
This game is great
Because It's M Doesn't Mean It Is That Bad
Ok for kids 11+
I love this game.
not bad
Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 - TEEN REVIEW
It's a Great Game
I love this game! It is not M worthy because you can turn off what makes it M: Blood and Gore. There is no more cussing or alcohol/drugs anymore because that was in campaign mode and they switched Campaign with Blackout. Avoid Zombies mode because they are covered in blood, but overall, it should be T. It also can teach you about defending or protecting if you want to be in the Military. Fast-Paced and never Boring! It is kinda hard, but you will become good eventually.
Love it! Tho it has no storyline and just follows boiii’s storyline it’s mutliplayer is the best! Great role models for war so I guess yes Great message to make a battle royale game so yes Easy to use for me so yes And I think that’s it!
Dont even bother buying it trust me i love the black ops series but this one is the worst one of all = there are tow many glitches and bugs i cant keep count of the most pain full glitch is that the hit boxes are complete trash i shot a guy in the foot and gave me a headshot medal there are sooooo many things i absolute hate about the game but the black out is fine i like it no glitches or bugs so far but the zombies ohhhhh the zombies the first thing i notice was that QR was 2000 pt and im wondering wow who would do such a thing to a perk thats been 500 pt on solo sence the first zombies i felt so mad and irritated but i wanted to see what elts they changed and the nexed part is no JUGG yep they removed juggernaut but in return they give you 1 extra hp but WHY jugg gives you 5-6 hp why would they remove jugg the thing come to mind that was if they were going to remove a important perk they better add a important perk and i think you know what im talking about yep PHD but no they didn't add it i was PISSED of how they could rune my intire child hood in one game of zombies i hate the new bo4 a hate the zombies i hate no campain i hate Litterly everything about that game and if you are thinking about bying it w i would suggest you think long and hard about it
This game does have quite a bit of blood people get legs and arms cut off blood seats when shot blood can be seen in backgrounds animals can be shot and killed character swear using words like F*ck, Sh*t, B*tch, *ss, and many others but the thing most people do not know is you can turn off graphic content when this is shut off no blood will be shown characters will not swear and if the game came out with non of the graphic content the game would go down to a T for Teen rating although some of the people you can interact with can swear and becuase of the custom profile pics people can make anything they want but you can mute all the people in the game and you can turn player made content off so this game is fine for teens but also enjoyable for adults.
it has alot of blood and language but you can turn it off but dont let you kid at all play specialist mode so much sex blood and more but your kid should be aloud to play this game cause i have seen a bunch of this stuff in real life for example i seen a guy fall over and his head was bleeding and blood was everywhere just to let you know this happened in real life so i think your kid could play this game with blood on if they seen alot of blood in real life but if they can't just let them play there is a kid friendly mode on it
This game is just like it's beginning games. The violence is standard for a call of duty game. The Gore on the other hand is very crazy. If you use a rocket launcher on a person it will blow them apart. The swearing is words like the F bomb and the S word. Now if you want you can turn off the graphic content to make it more appropriate.
I’ve played this game quite a bit. The Multiplayer and Battle Royale has no cussing, no sex, and no drugs. It does have blood and the occasional loss of limb. The only cussing you will hear is other players online. The zombies mode has cussing, blood, and loss of limbs. BUT... There is a setting that pops up when you first open table game that asks you about graphic content. When the filter is on, the Multiplayer and Battle Royale have no blood, no loss of limb, no sex, no drugs. The only thing left is the shooting. The zombie led is the same way. There’s no loss of limb, the zombies may have the slightest trace of dried blood on them. If you let your kids watch PG13 movies such as White House Down, then this should be ok. When the filter is in, I feel that even the strictest of parents would let 13+ play. Without it, it really just depends on the parents POV. This game, unlike the other Call of Duty games, has no campaign so it has no good themes. I do feel that is strengthens teamwork and brain power. You are required to react to multiple things happening simultaneously. Overall a very fun game.
uMmM I like it it is not vilent at al i thinc Evrybody should bye itt Theres no vilence its asome
I believe that although there is gore and vilence,most of it is in zombies mode. So you don’t have to play that mode. And as for swearing only one character swears and that is only one word that most 10-15 year olds already know. And like many others had notice you can turn off blood and swearing.
Even though its m for mature you could possibly give this to a kid. There are settings to censor the violence and the profanity and overall it's a fun game
Ok basically commen sence media have ripped you off they never told you you can turn blood and gore off when blood and gore is off its basically fortnite in a nut shell so I would give this 8+
I think that personnaly kids should be able to play bo4. Most parents think that it curses to much or that it is to gory, but what most parents dont know is that you can turn this off in the settings menu, and there is also a way to report and mute players. Which is also on the settings menu.
What parents do not know is that you can TURN OFF the bad stuff you may be concerned about in the settings! The Zombies can be scary, but a mature kid can probably handle it. The Multiplayer is fun with friends, and the Blackout is an action packed Battle Royale. Also there is no campaign, but there is a mode where you play as some of the specialists from multiplayer. That has some language BUT IT CAN BE TURNED OFF. Overall if you turn off everything and have a nice kid then this is a good game!
Great game, don’t know why you wouldn’t buy it for your kid around the age of 11. If they can solve the equation violence=bad, then it will be fine. There is a content filter bringing the rating to what should be T.
This mature game has more appropriate option such as turn off blood, strong Language, etc. It's not bad game! My friend played this game.
its fun nothing that bad plus it has a content filter
Cod Bo4 is a massive improvement on the Black Ops franchise. The game features Multiplayer, in which players can communicate with each other, (this can be muted and turned off too) a unique Battle Royale experience called Blackout, and although the game does not feature a campaign, there is dialogue involved with the Zombies PvE game mode. The language is somewhat strong, BUT YOU MUST KNOW IT ALONG WITH BLOOD AND GORE CAN BE TOGGLED ON OR OFF VIA SETTINGS-GRAPHICS-GRAPHIC CONTENT. Please note this!! The game is amazing, and provides plenty of things to work for, with weekly content updates arriving every Tuesday. Things like camos and challenges are great fun, everyone seems to want the Dark Matter, which I am personally working towards myself.
This is a great game. The game developers understand that 90% of all the people that play their games are under 18. With this in mind all of their games have content filters. These filters cut out the language and blood, it also prevents all dismemberment. Treyarch has always been looking out for the little guys. I cannot say the same for other Call of Duty developers (i.e. Raven Software and Infinity Ward). With this in mind, it is suitable for 13+. I do not think any one else younger should play due to online interactions. Don't forget to check out my other reviews (;
The Black Ops Series Keeps on Getting Better!
It’s booty
No
Real fortnite
very good for kids but not zombies mode
them reviews are not very accurate
Favorite videos game (haven’t played red dead so don’t judge)
Gore, violence and bad language.
Great game good for 12+
CSM=Overprotective garbage
as long as the content filter is on, it's 10+
18+ rating is false
Kids will play this anyway.
Call of duty black ops four
Not that bad
Great game, not too much blood and gore.
Try It!
I miss the jet packs
A functional game that kids will get absorbed by
The new game is good for teens. The violence level is pretty high, but compared to the stuff kid's see these days, this game is fine. The only other problem is that there is a lot of swearing, so just be aware of that. The new Call of Duty game is absolutely stunning. The graphics are improved and the gameplay has become a lot better. This Black Ops game returns to the roots of the first two Black Ops games since it doesn’t have advanced movement. Black Ops 3 was hated by a lot of people because it changed as a Black Ops game and became futuristic with advanced movement. This game is a lot better, because it takes all the good things from Black Ops 3 and removes the things people didn’t like (advanced movement). Now onto the gameplay. The blackout mode (battle royale) has just been released and is very fun. The only warning I have is not to spend money on the “battle pass” since there are a lot of tiers even though you can get some cool weapon skins and weapons itself. Next is the multiplayer. The multiplayer is probably one of the best things about this game. All the specialists from Black Ops 3 are the same, except for the fact that some new abilities have been added, which changes things up. Finally, is the zombies. The zombies mode in this Black Ops is amazing. A lot of new maps are really fun, but the main feature of the zombies is the storyline. The Black Ops games continue a story throughout the zombies, and the final part of the zombies storyline has arrived in this game. In conclusion, this is one of the best Call of Duty games ever made, and I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
I’ve been playing call of duty since I was 8 and I’m fine so stop being helicopter parents and let kids play but this game sucks though if u want a real call of duty play any call of duty that’s black ops 2 or before
This game is okay I guess but I think that it is still the worst black ops game to date and is probably not worth 60 dollars. If you buy it for someone like under 13 or something then just don't buy them a mic so that they can scream at their teammates.
Swearing I get it but I ‘m sure load of people already know swear words so yeah and it’s really cool I have the Xbox one x so it’s way better so try it not under 12 coz violence but really good if ur going to be in the military
i believe this is a good game as you can take all of the gore and language out but zombies is too gory for kids. no intercourse or sexual scenes
I started with the zombie mode, deciding not to turn of graphic stuff to see what the game was really like. There was: an excess of swearing, and excess of violence, a glamorous view of violence, blood splatters EVERYWHERE, and the game itself was pretty lame. True, you can turn off graphics, but what's to say your child won't just turn them on? Now, onto the sexy stuff: I only played for about 30 minutes and therefore have no clue what other thing there may be, but the "no sex present" rating is entirely untrue and inaccurate. In one of the first scenes, there was a man, fully clothed, chained to a bed. A woman wearing a domme outfit was crawling on top of with and fingering him discreetly and seductively. Once she got to his head, the scene cut. This game deserves the 18+ rating it got.
Dude the game is awesome! Blackout mode could use some work but other than that it’s awesome! Haven’t beaten the zombies mode yet but it’s super violent. In the arena there bodies that are hung on spears (some are beheaded and some are just severed heads). The multi player is the best part of the game. I’m already rank 56 and have to Maddox! (Best gun in the game). In the multiplayer, when you explode your body parts fall off and there is a lot of blood spurting out but if that bothers you turn off the graphic content. The game is awesome and it could be rated T with the graphic content off. Play it dude. There is no reason you shouldnt
Title is self-explanatory, shows lots of violence and gore, as well as bad language in the campaign mode.
I think it’s a good game if you turn off blood and gore it’s good for 12 or maybe younger and many studies show that violent games don’t lead to real life violance and sometimes decrease it.
I can’t even believe that this so called “Common Sense” is rating games 18+ that half the teenage population is playing. Like, do they even keep in touch with what kids these days are playing? This website makes me sick. It’s like there is no good rating systems in this world. It’s not like the ESRB is any better. There is no so called “Common Sense” on this website. You can even turn off the blood. I think that CSM needs to grow up and know this generation of kids better.
If the content filter is on, there is no swearing or blood and gore. Game is very gory and violent but not much swearing so I say 14+ without content filter but 10+ with content filter
I recently was allowed to play Call of Duty games around the age of 11, because you could turn off graphic settings in a Advanced Warfare. I preordered Black Ops 4 and have loved the game so much, but there is a bit to discuss on the age rating. If your teen cant handle graphic content, you can very easily disable blood gore and language in the settings. If you choose to leave it on, blood will spray a bit where you shoot some one, you will stab people in the side of the head and blood will be shown. There is a score streak called the Hellstorm and when you drop it on an enemy (it is a missile) their arms and legs are severed and blood sprays everywhere. As I said previously you can easily disable it in the settings. As for language, in multiplayer you character may say sh*t when he/she is shot. As for zombies and specialist missions there is intense language. Specialist missions are very gorey and curse a lot, and I don’t think that you can change it, however those missions are not required and you don’t have to bother doing them ever. I’m the end I’d just say that the game is for matured teens, definitely not the weak minded.
Call of Duty is one of the most coveted and historied game series. Although I appreciate a diffrent kind of game I think that the more intense battle royale is an appricieated compared to games like Fortnite or H1Z1. I think that blood or violence in games while not good for young kids is fine and not realeated to mood changes or mental harm in any way. I think that in the end kids will play this no matter what and setting limits on play time as well as disscussing the games content with your kids is better then just sheilding them from it.
This Is not that bad of a game at all. Parents should not be so concerned about lauguage and violence. Although there is some it is certainly not an 18 and older game. This only says so because it has some violence and some language so they had to make it 18 and older. I recommend 10 or older to play this.
Its not that bad as you would expect a cod game to be. As some of you know, there is a option to turn of blood,gore,and swearing. If you have your kid turn off blood , gore, and swearing, than its nothing more than a action movie like Star Wars, DC movies or Marvel movies, Basically PG-13 movies. I know alot of kids want this game because the call of duty company took out campaign for a battle royale mode just like Fortnite has. Thx for reading this and if your a kid, Trust me I know how it feels when you want a game like this and your mom and dad dont let u play it. Anyways thx and hope u like this game and review. :)
For the most part, this is an online game. In multiplayer, there is some gore when you hit a grenade or a mine. In zombies, it is much more gorey. You can shoot the heads off and blow them to mush. Very fun to play, but people on the chat will swear and talk smack, but you have the option of muting them. Also, not mucj swearing. Some of the characters mottos ibclude the f word, but nothing worse.
CoD: Black Ops is a violent game, because there are parts when they decapitate people, and there is lots of blood, but the dismembering is only in Campaign Mode where there are lots of F-Bombs and stuff like that, but you can turn of the blood and just mute it when there's swearing, but never let your kids play Zombies because you can't turn of blood and there are lots of words as in b-tch and f-ck, but other modes are good for children but you have to ask yourself if they're mature enough, altogether a great game, good for an xmas gift or a bday gift, so you should think about it.
I believe teenagers should be able to play any game with blood and gore, as long as you can turn it down/off. Most parents don't mind blood and gore, but instead they focus on torture scenes. First of all, I personally only want to play the zombie mode on CoD Blackops 4, because if I wanted to play a gamemode like Blackout, I would play a cartoon animated game like Fortnite. Second of all, if I were to play the Campaign mode with the torture and other aspects like that, then I would just push the "Skip" button that CoD Blackops 4 has included in their game specifically for people that don't want to see those types of things, or just want to get to the gameplay instead of watching there 2-5 minute in game videos, but I probably won't play the Campaign mode just because I can't play multiplayer with my friends (The real reason I play any video game is to play and talk with my friends btw, and I'm sure that is the same reason for most, if not all teens).
This game is perfectly playable. The companies making these games have fine tuned them to be easy to play and optimized them to look as good and run as good as possible, and they've achieved this with yearly releases. This game isn't special and will very quickly stop being played. It's just substance. It's bland. A lot of people seem to think that just because you can turn off the blood and Gore means the game is perfectly fine for a 9 year old. It's not. There's no setting to get rid of the gruff and mature military look to the game. There's no setting that adds concepts beneficial to growing minds. And most of all there's no single player beyond sitting by your lonesome in a server. Kids will be interacting with players, and trust me when I say that people aren't the nicest beings when they can talk to someone while anonymous.
