Exceptional historical fiction
You can turn blood off
Terrible game
Love it
Step into the Animus and enter Ancient Greece NOW!
Good for kids
Great game
Assassin's Creed Odyssey *Bloody* Violent, But good
One of my favorites
Here’s why.
This fun historical fiction is by far (as a experienced gamer) my favorite video game and is a truly amazing ancient action game! Combat can be taken stealthy, or you can go swords a blazing, both options are equally disturbing. Combat is gory, graphic, and includes large splashes of blood. When players kill enemies using stealth there are graphic bloody images shown on screen of knifes, swords etc. Stabbed through heads, waists, and other body parts. Other violence includes large scale battles, burning body's, and many other examples. I could write an entire essay on the violence in Assassin's Creed Odyssey but I'll save you the time and skip that. Other inappropriate qualities include: sexual content, and heavy swearing in dialogue. Though the game is violent and heavy on swearing characters are honorable, inspiring, and often do the right thing. I don't think anyone under 16 years old should play this game. Have fun and game on!
It’s a very fun game, which is not very violent at all once you turn off blood fx (which I would recommend for anyone under 12) There is nothing “inappropriate” shown or described, although your character can flirt with another.
It’s fine for kids 12 and up but if your parents don’t let you buy it don’t bother begging it’s awful
I am a big fan of AC games and was super excited for this game to come out. I was surprised by how beautiful the world was and the ease of play. Your character and along with others use the the words sh*t and f*ck. There is some sexual innuendo, but you choose how you respond. It is very violent and you kill a lot of people and you can even kill civilians. Every time you kill someone a big pool of dark red blood appears. It is a great game and is a lot of fun to play.
Hello parents, I have been playing this game for at least ten hours now and I think it is beautiful. You start off in the game playing as Leonidas, the Spartan king. This opening battle can be very gruesome. As you spam the attack button because of fear for your life, you bash enemies, shove them to the ground, throw them, and even stick Leonidas's spear through their torso's! Later in the game, you are given the freedom of choosing a descendant of Leonidas to play as. You can choose the female descendant, Kassandra, or the male descendant, Alexios. Keep in mind that you will not be able to change which descendant you want to play as later in the game. In terms of violence, there is a lot. Players can impale guards, shoot them with a bow, slash at them with swords, and slice their throat's. A new feature in Assassin's Creed Odyssey that Ubisoft has brought to us is that you can now kill innocent people freely. You must keep in mind that they will curse and brutally attack you if you choose to go GTA 5 mode on them. There is also TONS of cursing. In a side mission, you will come face-to-face with the "Cyclops" of Kephallonia. When you meet him he is drowning an older sailor named Barnabas. In this scene, the "Cyclops" will curse extremely loudly. Thanks for reading my review!
What is this, there is zero sex, offscreen sex scenes, naked statues, we look at many naked statues in museums. So why should we be worrying about these naked statues. There is violence and gore but I'm sure 14 year old kids and above can handle it. Since most of the bad language is the greek bad word, I shouldn't say. Your kid won't understand it.
It is not a bad game, neither are any other assassin's creed games. You can turn some options off, like blood and gore. Not bad game let your kids play it.
Get it now, it’s an amazing, immersive game with a beautiful land scape. The game does have a lot of gore but it isn’t as bad as the ratings say
Assassin's Creed Odyssey is a great game, a hard grind but really fun. The game is you in the Peloponnesian war (300). There are big bloody battles but not to bad, and fun to fight. A interesting story (After you grind a bit). Lots of things to do and see (I.E. caves), with really beautiful graphics and backdrop. Fun navel combat, that can get old after a while (But after a while it is fun again). Interesting character development that you control (If you but to be a psyco killer or a hero you can). Interesting facts and some lessons to be taught as well. Overall yeah this game is very violent, but there is a very charming and peaceful world to explore as well.
Assassin's Creed has always been a hit or miss series. Some bad ones being Syndicate, Liberation, and, in my opinion, the first one. I really enjoyed Assassin's Creed Origins so I was quick to preorder Odyssey. When I got it, I was more than excited. I entered in my code for Xbox and it began downloading. When I finally got onto the game, I was surprised by how expansive the world was and how gorgeous it looked. The controls are great and the combat is quite satisfying. Stealth combat was always my way to go and stealth is easily the best way to play the game. One note, while the game doesn't use a lot of profanity, it does feature a lot of gore. Blood sprays everywhere when you perform a takedown and blood does get onto you mask or helmet sometimes. Assassin's Creed Odyssey was the game I was anticipating the most and when I got it, it was amazing. Definitely worth it.
It’s not as “bad” as is described.
It's a great game
Best Mario Party in 12 years!
Fun for the whole family (Waluigi time again.)
good for older kids
Party Game For Families and Friends
Nice
Super Mario Party
This is a great game!
Fun and creative
Nothing Bad About It
No cars
Great game for kids.
Best Mario Party since the GameCube games
I love how it is a game with 100+ games inside it! Sure, maybe most of the are minigames, but this is awesome! I love the theme ( which is clearly party!) If you have a Nintendo switch, you should definitely get this game!
By removing the car mechanic from Mario Party 9 and 10, they really fixed this game. Only 4 boards and limited online is disappointing but in general it’s very fun! It’s also 100% family friendly, if your kid is somehow disturbed by this then they have issues. DLC might come out to fix said issues by the way!
Super Mario Party is like the older Mario Parties, A board game into a video game!, You can pick any character that is AVAIBLE.
sometimes the mini games are boring but this game is good
I understand that every family has their own values that the follow and I respect that. This review is only meant to guide you with a non-biased perspective following the Australian Classification Criteria. Violence: 1/5 Very mild violence including jumping on cartoon characters and being flattened by boulders, no character is shown to be hurt, except for stars flying around head. Themes: 1/5 The only problem may be that at the end of each party, a cartoon wizard flies across the screen and places a curse on some spaces, though it does nothing except make you lose coins and stars. Language: 0/5 No bad language. Bad language is represented by various symbols such as #@$%!. Nudity: 0/5 No nudity or revealing clothing. Sex: 0/5 No sex or sexual references. Dug Use: 0/5 The only questionable thing is that characters eat different kinds of mushrooms for power-ups. Super Mario Party is a great game for your children to play on a rainy day when they have their cousins or fiends over. I hope this review was helpful.
It is very well done but it does get a little boring after a while.
Super Mario Party is a ok family game. Mario kart is better take less time. It is a good family game.
Super Mario Party is a great game to play in 4-players. I think the idea with the Board game is cool. It's fun to play and collect Minigames.
This game is a great video game to play with friends. It encourages teamwork (especially the rafting game) and more movement than other Mario games (mostly just arm and wrist movements). Be careful not to swing your remote too hard and hit someone while playing though! Super Mario Party is fun and has a lot of variety in terms of types of mini games.
thats all i'm gonna say
Very aesthetically pleasing for kids and minigames are suitable for kids. Controls aren't very hard to remember, games are straight forward and fun!
/Honestly, when this game was first announced, I thought it would basically be 1 2 Switch: Super Mario Edition. Although it only has 4 boards, I hope some may be added as DLC in the future. Online was very disappoiting but... oh well! The reason I say 8+ is because in one of the minigames it features a sleeping wiggler (a large centipede-type thing) which each character takes there turn in petting. However, after a number of turns, the wiggler will wake up and turn red and angry THAT SCARED ME AND I'M 12! I can imagine it must be terrifying for younger children SO WHY DID PEGI RATE THIS GAME A 3?
Cute RPG Game
why did they gave big boobs and asses to this game.
it really fun and lets kids be creative
MapleStory 2 is a "kawaii" RPG game that has adorable avatars, missions, guilds, minigames, and much more. The reason I put "Sexy Stuff" is because of of the avatars outfits MAY look skimpy. I put swearing and privacy concerns because in the chat people may swear and invade your privacy so...be careful!
my friend tried out ms2 and saw a thief's ass. That was his first and last time he touched the game.
it really fun and lets kids be creative explore the a world and have fun i realy like it
Forza Horizon 4
Really fun unique racing game
Educational or no?
The best car game ever!
Really good for all ages
Very Fun But Hard
Great game
10+ ???????
Not quite as good as Forza Horizon 3
Inspires you!
Excellent racing game for anyone!
Amazing game
If the chi
If you can play it, you`re old enough.
Very good for younger kids
Awesome Game
Great Animations
It's a great game to fiddle with, great graphics enhance it.
Awesome game
Forza Horizon 4 is a driving &amp; racing simulation game, with outstanding graphics. I play this game, and have been playing for a while. I give this game a rating of 7+ because it needs some skill to drive the vehicles, and some basic mental calculations need to be made. CONS: In Forza, illegal driving (drag racing, destroying public property, crashing other drivers, etc.) is existent, and somewhat encouraged. XP and points will be awarded for things like "TRADING PAINT", "GREAT WRECKAGE", and similar things. HOWEVER, although you can crash into other cars, no damage is dealt to the driver. No matter WHAT happens, the driver won't DIE, or even take DAMAGE. I PROS: In Forza Horizon 4, patience and perseverance is REQUIRED in order to gain influence, money and top scores in races. It takes TIME to work up to buy expensive, and luxurious cars. I would COMPLETELY recommend Forza Horizon 4 to ANYONE.
This is by far the best racing game out there. I was convinced nothing could beat Forza Horizon 3, but this takes what was so good about FH3, and improves on it, adding in other awesome things. You can drive pretty much any car you wish, even your own! From Land rovers to Lambos, this game has so much diversity, and is completely open world with pretty much no where you can’t go. It has amazing DLC like Lego, but does have a lot of good and varied micro transactions, but they stack up to be a large price tag. Literally anyone from around the age of 7 or 8 can pick up this game, get the hang of it, and have a hell of a lot of fun. This game has so much content and features no one even asked for! But it all works so well. Do not wait. Get a copy right away if you don’t have one, This game is just a huge polished playground full of Ferrari’s, ready to ben played in!
Forza horizon 4 is a game with many features. Such as driving, customizing and tuning your car, there are also hundreds of cars to choose from. Unlike the Forza motorsport saga Horizon is a free roam game. But is it educational? My answer would be yes. In this game use get to see all of your cars parts that you put in it. If you are one of the people that do role plays you will actually learn to start driving without realizing. You will figure out how to stop. What lane to stay in while going straight or turning. With the customization part of the game you can make good drag, race, drift, and off road cars. Kids will also see different types of tires and body styles like a body kit. This will open there imagination and love the game. But it can get boring after a while. But that's why you go to xbox groups to meat a new friend! I mainly drift. But you really should let your kids play this game. It also has no violence, racism, sex, drugs. Some people in the game can be older and not like kids but that's why you find a friend to stay with them.
This game called forza horizon 4 you can get it for free with xbox gamepass but you have to pay every month it has real cars not fake cars like Stuttgart bwm these ares in greenwhile witch is in roblox real people it has races storys its not bad
The game is easy and lots of fun. Plus the online gaming is safe for everyone! Meand my friends love playing Forza horizon 4 and if you don’t you need to.
I play this game and it is one of my favoriets. The only reason I said 7 plus is because it is quite skill demanding if you want to make lots of credits.
Has many great features and unless you are friends with someone on Xbox live they can't see your name etc.
First of all why is this game rated 10+. There is no violence, no swearing. The only reason i rated this 7+ because I don't think 5 year olds will understand the purpose of this game. The graphics in the game are really good. Also its pretty easy to play even if you have no experience with any racing games. I would highly recommended for you not to play on a keyboard.
Forza Horizon 4 is an open world racing game where you can do races, jump off danger signs and hit new speed records in Great Britain PROS While in my opinion I think it is not as good as Forza Horizon 3, I can't ignore the fact the it has a MUCH bigger colletion of cars, better graphics, and a bigger map... CONS ...but there are also downsides. Forza Horizon 4 has worse online modes, worse music, worse car sounds, and a much less interesting and diverse map than Forza Horizon 3. Conclusion While it is a good game in its own right, it didn't keep me as captivated as Forza Horizon 3. I advise you to save your money and buy Forza Horizon 3 instead.
Really great game with an open world of imagination! Drive, buy, and collect cars! Learn about Britain and explore unique landmarks! There is no use of drugs or alcohol and no swearing that I’ve heard. This is a great world to drive in!
This is an amazing adaption for the already successful Forza franchise of racing games. Here you can take control of 685 different cars and drive your way through an excellently paced campaign of racing series and showcase events. While there is some mild violence (cars flipping over, game rewards for reckless driving), it is far tamer than say Burnout or GTA 5. The game even offers some historical educational value. Many of the stories present highlight and teach players about the automotive culture and the evolution of car designs, companies, and their successes as well as their failures. Excellent game to check out! The Forza series is what drove my interest in cars, and the same might just happen to you!
The graphics are probably the best graphics in a car game ever and it’s really feels like the locations have had a lot of work put into them I would recommend it for people that like dirt racing and on road racing games.
I think you can play it at any age
It's very family friends and if you want to introduce your kid(s) to a beginner, non-violent game, this is what you're looking for. Some downsides to having really young kids are the controls take a bit of time to master. Be aware of toxic players inviting you, but you can't hear/interact with plays without accepting an invite to a party first. There is chat but they're basic presets like "Nice Race" or "Catch me if you can". No swearing is present.
I think Forza is the best game series. With 12 different versions (Motorsport 1-7, Horizon 1-4, and street) they have nailed it. the 4K realistic graphics, HD audio, and lifelike handling makes it such an amazing game. there's no explicit content (cursing, drugs, sex, alcohol) so its a great game for people of any age. I would definitely recommend it. you can get add on packs for cars and places to expand the game. It does say $59 at the top of the page but thats for the Deluxe Edition (Deluxe Edition includes all of the add-ons so you dont have to get them later). Standard edition is only $30. Add-on packs range in price.
It’s my favourite driving game and i love the free drive feature, you get to drive to your races like a campaign buy cars and mods for it.
It's suitable for 2nd graders, and it just has some AI interaction, just a bit, no swearing at all. Even if you break speed limits, it's called having fun, being creative and customizing your cars in different ways!
I bought forza horizon 3 before this game came out and I was really impressed by it. When this game came out I really wanted it and its certainly lived up to my expectations. The graphics are so good. The showcase events are really fun and include loads of great scenery along the way. The online play is good but can be really hard for beginners as it doesnt seem to put you in races with other people that around your skill.
