Not a bad game to return to in the franchise
Fun for everyone!
Perfect open-world game!
good for kids
Amazing Game!
Really fun game.
Really good! - It shouldn't say that the game is for 10+
Forza Horizon
da beast
Whoop woop!
I lost my respect.
ITS AWESOME
Honestly one of the best game I've ever played.
Best freeroam racing game
A masterful open-world racer.
Awesome racing game with no problems
This is my first Forza Horizon since the original, but definitely have played it to death nonetheless. Game has endless amount of cars and tasks to keep you occupied. As for the rating I would definitely not rate this E for everyone even with the Lego expansion. First off the music is a hella suggestive, 2nd. The driving is all over the place and even required that way at times. 3rd, design grahpics can come in a wide variety of themes.
Nothing inappropriate and in most games it makes you pay for things with real cash and you expect to end up having to pay for the cars with real money, surprisingly you don’t and you use the in-game currency and that to me is the best feature! It has really good stories and it’s really realistic the characters know how to say your name (with their voice not just written) and honestly creds to the game makers became this game is really advanced!
Its a great game, there are so many possibilities and ways you can spend your time! You can race, customize cars, or just explore the map! It can be a little complicated for young kids because of all the upgrades and tuning aspects, but besides that, its a great game!
it is good for kids to understand the driving wold and to understand the laws of driving and just let them have fun in the game and they don't need to panic about getting caught speeding
So, I, my dad, and my sister (who is 3) LOVE THIS GAME! We bought the game and XBox One S in December 2018, we put in our code turned it on, and WE LOVED IT! But cars can crash and break and in camera mode (LB) u can fix your car (also with LB).
Very quality game. I've only played this one game from the horizon series, but I also have motorsport 7. Both great games but lets move on to horizon. Great game graphics are fair for this time. Humans don't look the 5 star best they could possibly look but cars and nature look the best. If your into free roam racing games where you can go to races in almost any car of your choice that you own and zoom through the streets do donuts or just go 260mph on open highways this a great game for you. There's seriously no violence other then you can go extremely fast and then ram in to other cars. There's no blood, just crashes that will usually send the car you rammed into go spinning off the road. It is impossible to kill or injure humans. There are humans but they are always behind something you can not get past. You can buy houses with in-game money. There are micro-transactions but they are not needed to go free roam in hundreds of miles. If you like a lot of racing and aren't sure what game to buy this is a great game that is waiting for you in most stores that sell almost anything. It also may encourage crashing into other cars or buildings. Also in-game chatting is not rated and can be mean or inappropriate. Otherwise game on and have fun!
Although there is a little bit of an issue with the online chat, that is something that isn't required to be used. This game is pretty easy to adapt to - using the controls and such - but you shouldn't go hating on it! I'd proudly give this to a five - or even a four year old kid - they wouldn't have any problem with it!
Fun but some glitches here and there. The Forza people (Anna, the mechanic dude) are sometimes funny and motivate you which is nice. But it can be grinding depending who you are.
it is da best
Woop woop such a good game. Story mode is cool. Woop wooooooop!
If you buy a house that forces you to buy for free you can edit you avatar but there is a category in it called Emotes. I'm pissed off. I'm ashamed that it was in my Xbox One S bundle. Go play previous games from Forza series. Instead of this lame racing game in the series because of emotes.
I think this is the best game i have ever played.
Absolutely amazing. The ratio of good to bad things about this game is crazy. The graphics are amazing, the car choice is immense, the races are fun, progression is actually compelling, the tuning and paint editor is fantastic and easy to use. the only bad thing I can think of is sometimes there will be audio glitches where the car will make the sound of a constant rev, even when idling, or the car will be completely silent. this is rare though and doesn't actually change gameplay. overall this game will provide you with hundreds of hours of entertainment and you will always be able to find something to do.
MANY NICE
Forza Horizon 4 is the latest in the 13-year running Forza Motorsport series, a critically-acclaimed racing simulator series with a beautiful car collection. Since 2012, the Forza Horizon series has been going, and it's a complete change-up from the normal Forza series. The 4th one is one of the best open-world games ever released, this coming from an 11-year-old car fanatic who doesn't have an Xbox One to play this on, mind you. Horizon 4 has many new features, the most notorious being rotating dynamic seasons, purchasable (a CASTLE for lord's sake!), 450+ cars to choose from, and character customization. It also takes place in Britain, where as previously stated, you can buy a freaking castle. You can also run a car rental business, star as a stunt driver for local movies, and play with up to 100 players in an online server. So far, the only game to supply players with the ability to play with 100 people is Fortnite, and I hate Fortnite with all of my heart. Horizon 4 also can ignite a passion for cars in whoever plays it. There's over 450 as well, so your kid will never get bored. All of this is coming from someone who doesn't even have an Xbox One to play this for themselves. That is a testament to how mind-blowingly good this game is. An overall 10.
Beautiful graphics and wonderful gameplay.
Absolutely amazed, a big (and tiny in astro bot terms) hit!
Fun game for the family!
THIS IS SOOO GOOD AND I LOVED IT!
Fun platformer for VR beginners
This game is the best VR game I have ever played. There are so many hidden animations, the levels are amazingly brain training puzzles. You also use tools from your dual shock 4 controller, and defeat different enemies in different ways. The bosses are not too scary, and are fairly challenging. You have to move and lean your body at certain points to see Little astro. There are also challenge levels you unlock when you find the chameleon in a level. If your looking for a family friendly, fair game, this is it for you.
It's a fun little game that even adults can enjoy! The only reason I could think it would be scary is the bosses. It shows a heroic bot needing your help to save the other bots.
It is a AMAZING game with a cool story for VR! Some bits may be a lil' scary for younger kids because it is pretty lifelike! The bots r soooo cute and you journey through diffrent worlds to retreive your little bot friends - taken by da evil alien!
This game is very good for young kids! It is a simple platformer (similar to something of the Mario Bros series) and uses VR to immerse yourself into the cute world. You control a tiny robot on a quest to save his robot friends and repair a ship. The environments and levels are very colorful and the robots are very expressive, they dance and make cheerful noises and are overall extremely cute. The game while simple is a great experience, especially for those dwelling into Virtual Reality!
Great game with a slight difficulty spike
Solid modern Mega Man game.
This game is a solid addition to the Mega Man franchise. This game really brought back the series, and it is actually one of the best Mega Man games (In my opinion). It is extremely difficult to play in some harder modes, and beginners should play as newcomers or easy players. The violence is not bad, because it's just robots.
Parents need to know that this game is in 3-D(That means the violence is relatively more extreme), and that the game is still pretty hard. Other than that, there's really nothing left to say. It's a good game with a good selection of robot masters. Also, it has good voice acting.
This is the all new next instalment in the original mega man series. And the blue bomber has never looked better. The story is exactly the same as the others, Wily uses robots to kill mega man, robots fail so Wily fights himself...… and loses. But the eight new robot masters all have really neat designs. My favorite being Bounce Man and his stage. It has you learn how to bounce along, up, and down the walls and the stage itself as you make your way to him. If you loved the first ever mega man game, there is a potential link you can make to the original robot masters such as Blast Man and Bomb Man, or Torch Man and Fire Man. But the real star of this game is the new double gear system. With the speed gear mega man gains a lot of speed as everything around him slows down, the only down side of the speed gear is that it puts mega man in slow motion for moving and jumping, but you can but a special item to speed him up. With the power gear mega man gains a huge power boost. Charging long enough lets him shoot two fully charged shots. And all robot master weapons get a boost as well, the best is Tundra Man's tundra tornado. With the power gear it covers the entire screen (does not guarantee an insta kill for every enemy). But if he gets hit even once, he loses his charge on his buster. But if mega man loses enough health he can activate the actual double gear mechanic in which he gets a speed and power boost. When his charge reaches full he unleashes a devastating shot that does a lot of damage. The only thing that could improve is a playable Proto Man and Bass which could be coming as possible dlc. Overall this game has some fun new mechanics, and some likable robot masters and weapons. In a score of 1-10 this game gets an 8.5 and a 4 star.
This game is really fun!
I liked this game a lot it wasn't to innapropriate besides in Rolling Thunder 2 this girl is naked but besides that there's nothing to bad but you are killing people in Rolling Thunder 1 and 2 and there's a little bit of gore in Splatterhouse.
Dragon Ball Rumble!!
stolen from esrb lol
Fun
Oh the hype!!!
KameHameHaa!!
This game is a great fighter.
Fun!
The best Dragon Ball game yet!
£45 streetfighter
fighting
This game is great! I have it on my Xbox One and it's a fun, action-packed, great Dragon Ball Game! There is some cartoon violence with energy used as a defense measure and many punches and kicks since most of them are martial artists. Android 21 is the only character (And yes, she's a girl.) who shows cleavage. There's mild language (damn,dammit,bastard,hell) and potty language/insults (crap,idiot,moron,stupid,pathetic,etc.) , but nothing too serious. Goku and his friends show leadership skills when fighting and show the importance of family, what's yours, friends, and teamwork. Overall, great game for older kids!
This is a fighting game in which players compete in three-person tag-team battles using the characters and events from the Dragon Ball universe. Characters punch and kick each other while also using blasts/beams/balls of energy to defeat opponents. Battles can be fast-paced and frenetic, with frequent impact sounds, light effects, and cries of pain. Cutscenes also depict instances of violence (e.g., several explosions; characters vaporized by energy beams). The game contains some suggestive material: a female character wearing a low-cut top that reveals large amounts of cleavage; character descriptions/tags, such as "Old Pervert" and "Sexy and I Know It." The words “ass” and “bastard” appear in the dialogue.
Originally, I started playing with my ex and fell in love with it. If you're going to make a game about a classic anime, you have to do it right. And this game did it right.
Dragon Ball FighterZ goes back to the series's old routes with 2D landscapes and side scrolling beat em up action. The game is pretty violent but animated. Characters use magical attacks, energy blasters, kicks, punches and a few more. When characters are defeated, they are shown bruised with mild blood patches, nothing too graphic. Cries of pain are heard and impact of attacks is over the top. Language is mild and infrequent: "@$$". Sexuality isn't graphic, but is suggestive. Lewd and childish jokes are sometimes heard but moderate. Characters clothing gets torn during battles exposing female's buttocks (partially and barely).
I love this game, and I am absolutely amazed by the depth of the fighting, story, and the overall game. I did notice that they use profanity on a common basis. This game was quite easy for me to learn and pick up. The controls are simple, and so is changing the settings. It was not too violent, just some cartoony violence. I suggest this game if you like the series.
Based off the widely popular anime/manga series DRAGON BALL, Dragon Ball FighterZ lives up to the hype and gives fans a great game to play. It is a fighter game, so it does have a hard learning curb, but comparative to other fighting games, it is pretty easy to learn. There is a bit of anime violence, but it is never excessive. Overall, this game is really fun to play and the story is great. Players can play online, but they can't communicate. This game is based off a popular anime series though, and two characters show cleavage.
Cool animations and combos!
A must have for dragon ball fans, the first battle helps you to understand the controls, and the game actually has an original villain with non repetitive game play. I highly recommend it!
I put 18 and up because I don't think it is fit for having whatever your age I got this for my birthday for xbox 1, my dad says it cost £45 and the same is true on steam. for a buggy, overpriced version of streetfighter or tekken you could get fallout 4goty edition or titanfall 2 and still have some money left over In short dont buy i think it could be a fun party game but as it costs 45 this game never will be worth it, its lobby is buggy among other problems plus the £25 DLC, 25 for just 8 new characters In short this game is a piece of crap scam
I think it is okay for kids my age to play this game but little violence
