Energetic, fantastic movie based game
Parents need to know that Creed: Rise it glory is a boxing game based off of the movie. You are Adonis creed who is a boxer and you can do story mode or free play. You can also work out in the game to and the boxing too is a real work out and makes you sweat like this is a good workout. There is lots of sport violence considering the nature of the sport so you will fight numerous people some difficulty beginner and some hard. It can get violent with lots of punching and some bloody cuts and occasional splashes of blood. There is some mild language and occasional uses of “hell”. No sexuality expect shirtless men fighting and this is based of the movie which some sexuality scenes in it. This is a very fun game a fast paced work out. Also note that this game is very fast paced and already the VR makers don’t recommend every day use for kids under the age of 12 and the fast paced action ads up to the impact so maybe not the best choice for younger gamers though if you do have one still let them play just note not the way for every day use.
fire emblem meets third person shooters
Well, it's a good game. There are a few lewd moments, but nothing too bad
Best game
It's Clean and Very FUN
Not a Bad Game
Very Very Good
My NBA 2K19 Review
Awesome. That's it.
Good game
Overall good but has some glitches
Good
i play it with my friends
Disappointing
AMAZING!!!!
trash
This game is the best
The app is 11 and up
Know how to play!
Best game. Giannis is my dude.
Cool Game for everyone
I play this with my dad all of the time. It is really fun and I would say that Nowitski is the best player thanks to his 3-point percentage. The controls have a learning curve, but it is still fun! Rating: A+
So good the only way it could of been better was more updating.
This is a great sports game, any kid that loves basketball will love this game you can play as any team. This is a great Basketball game and is a great buy.
Nba 2k19 is a great game if you love basketball, it does have every brand of shoe and their attributes, which is a little bit like consumerism but otherwise it is a great game, the best mode is definitely MyTeam. But I did get hacked and someone spent 1000$ on my account.
I think this is a good game. There is in-game purchases, but I think that's what makes the game fun. The controls are pretty simple. All kids need to know that on Xbox to shoot it's X. On PlayStation it's Square.
The gameplay is good but the MyCareer mode when you go to the park it might be hard to get a game if you are under a certain overall or if you are an amateur one which is the worst rank. To achieve a certain overall you either work really hard and earn VC (virtual currency) or buy it to get your player to 85 overall with some extra VC is $50. There are some glitches with the neighborhood station when traveling with friends and a glitch with the servers sometimes kicking you out of the game. MAKE SURE YOUR KIDS KNOW NOT TO GIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO STRANGERS because there is a way of communicating with them in game while playing and they may say hurtful things.
I’m a basketball fan and I love this game it has all the players you can customize the league and make your own player and play street ball it’s just so fun
curry,Dirk,Luka,Derozan,Kawhi,westbrook,PG13,CP3
Not gonna lie to you when I say don't waste £50 on a game you buy everywhere just to be as trash as the last one. Graphics were slightly better, the myGM/myLeague modes were better in my opinion. The MyCareer storyline this year was ok but not as good as 2K16. To be honest 2K is still too lazy to fix animations and glitches in the game which makes it kind of unfair to those who want to play the game properly. MyTeam is a meh and never really improves. One more thing is to never buy "vitrual currency" from them. Their so called VC is such a waste of big money to barely help you upgrade your myplayer and it takes ages to get mypoints. If you want VC for free just use the different VC glitches I do every year. Servers are still terrible.
They said it would be different this year... they lied :-( The soundtrack does feature censored versions of the songs but if the youngins were to search these songs up after listening to them on their x-box's, they'll learn some bad baaaad words. That is no bueno! Would not buy, pick up ye ol' 2k12 from the local waaaaalmart. God Bless y'all
It is easily the best PS4 game there is! Pretty good soundtrack, awesome graphics, and cool updates.
Only for 11 is good age for this app
If your child does not know how to play please teach them, it was annoying when I went and got on the game and found a 4 year old which did not know how to play at all.
