Distance, from the perspective of a long time player and pre-release participant.
Distance is a game that heavily focuses on hand &amp; eye co-ordination and creative thinking. The game takes place in a futuristic styled cityscape, where roads float and everything has a glowing element on it. The player controls a high-tech electric car, with rocket boost, jumping, flight and rotational thrusters. That may sound rather complicated at first, however the game does not introduce any more than one of these abilities in a single level. Rather, the player is introduced to one ability and is given three to four levels to become familiar with it. Once all the abilities are familiarized, the game will get progressively more difficult until the stories conclusion. The learning curve can be further simplified by considering that the only time the player shouldn't be boosting is while using the flight ability. The car can jump by tapping the Spacebar key when on the ground. The car can jump to four times it's height before reaching it's highest. The flight ability is easy and simple to use, and feels natural. It is activated by tapping the Spacebar key when in the air. The car will level itself off with gravity on its own, and this setting can be disabled if the player wants it disabled. The cars rotational thrusters apply downward force to a side of the car, controlled with the W, A, S and D keys. The player is able to use al the thrusters at once by holding the Q button. The thrusters allow the player to be more agile in the air and on the ground. Distance also comes with a built in level designer tool, All levels for the game are made in this, meaning that the player has all the tools and objects that the games creators have. The level designer can be confusing at a glance, but, just like the cars abilities, is deceptively simple. Right-clicking anywhere in the 'world' will move the 'cursor'. objects are then placed by clicking on them in the object menu on the left of the screen. colours of the objects are able to be changed to the designers liking. I learned how the editor works by watching a few simple tutorial videos, and have become well-accustomed to it through countless hours creating my own content, which has been shared with the world. Levels can be uploaded the a "Workshop" on 'Steam'. Steam is the service that hosts all the levels and scoreboards Distance has. The level workshop is patrolled by moderators, who will quickly remove any inappropriate content. I have never heard of or seen any inappropriate content on the workshop, so they must be doing a pretty good job. Some levels have been given a 'nightmare' difficulty rating. this does not mean your children will have nightmares if they play these levels. When a level is of 'nightmare' difficulty, it simply means it is exceptionally difficult. A great majority of the more helpful community members gather on their Discord server. Discord is a communication and file sharing service, similar to any messaging service. The Discord server also updates players on anything they should know about pertaining to Distance, such as upcoming changes, community events and known issues. That being said, pre-teens should use it only while under supervision from their parents, as some members on the Discord server use swear words more casually than average. Parents may also want to encourage their child to take a break from the game if they are getting frustrated. Even my friends who are old enough to have kids of their own have had to step away. If your child is interested in Distance, I definitely recommend it. The only characters in the game are the car, The archaic entity trying to stop the car, and the computer city's automated loudspeaker system. Distance has subtitles for the hearing impaired. Distance has fast moving objects and pulsing lights that may make it unsuitible for those who are prone to visual-induced seizures. Distance has optional multiplayer interaction. Distance has free community content. Distance will never have in-app purchases.
Great game, fine for kids
Although being a shooter/FPS title, FZH has no major factors that would make me consider it to be inappropriate at all apart from the concept itself. Great game lots of fun especially using the aim controller (please bear in mind there is a voice chat system that is usually vital to the games strategy aspect)
Unfortunately I had to stop playing
What?
I loved this game
great game
Suicide inject inappropriate!
Oppropriate for Teens
Parents read this
10+ Game
Unfortunately after 26 hours I stopped playing Shadow of the Tomb Raider... Massive spoiler alert for both Shadow of the Tomb Raider and the prequel Rise of the Tomb Raider! The previous game I did finish (Rise of the Tomb Raider) although the heavy mistranslated christian symbology was already a nuisance to me. As a christian I don't mind if films or games are inspired by my all time hero the Lord Jesus Christ. But Rise of the Tomb Raider did everything to depict Him in their main mystical figure called "The Prophet", but eventually showing the guy in game as a man that lied to his own people to protect some kind of powerful crystal (so powerful that you could break it by dropping it on the ground lol). While the real Jesus Christ says "I am the Way, the Truth and the Life. No one comes to the Father but through me.". This "Prophet" was close to the edge for me, but I rationalized it as a fictional story inspired by my Hero. It wasn't too offensive imho. With Shadow of the Tomb Raider it is on a whole different level. The game starts really great and I love the surroundings and culture you are thrown into. It really feels as a great adventure among a very beautiful, but also sinister part of history. The problem for me is that after about 20 hours of game play the story suddenly switches places from it's cultural Mayan/Inca setting towards a 17th century church where a 'christian' sect used to operate. The secrets you discover there are so bizarre and horrific that it was not possible for me to proceed playing any longer. The point is that I just didn't have fun solving the puzzle which crucified corpse was the first step in some twisted story of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Added to this the room you entered had a dozen of child like corpses as statues all lined up where you had to walk through. It was so sinister and the ambiance of this place felt so dark and corrupted that it affected me personally (I love to fully emerge myself in a story when I play a game). Also, if you fail to select the right depiction of crucified corpses Lara gets clamped with her wrists in an iron trap and pierced by many spikes in the chest. All just to illustrate how twisted this sect was. I understand what they try to accomplish, but since the depictions in this room are so closely related to the greatest act of love mankind has ever seen, but so wildly distorted that it touched on my personal faith, I could simply not enjoy the game at this point. It spoiled the game for me made me not want to continue any further. Thank you for your time. Peace!
You didn’t mention gore once in the review, so... ok the game isn’t for younger kids. I know that, but “graphic imagery” as you put it, is just the same as the regular game. It’s very bloody, and blood stains the environment regularly, but there isn’t gore. The reason “no gore” is such a big deal is because the other games featured lots of gore. Aside from the violence, there is a pretty big increase in language, so it is more mature in that sense. After beating the game, I can safely say anybody who can stomach the violence and blood can play it.
I'll admit it isn't the best game for kids. There's gore, swearing, and the likes. However it's still a very well written game that I love. Spoilers ahead You've been warned I saw someone else post sometimes like "whaaat? Richard killed himself?" But he didn't, Trinity killed him.
Overall, this is a great game for mature 12 and 13-year-olds. It has swearing, but if your kid can handle a few f-bombs and the occasional sh*t or two, then they should be fine.
I give my son a lot of latitude with video games...but when he came to me this morning saying it was “sad” that, when Lara sleeping (and you can then play her character as a child), her father is often MIA &amp; then there is a phone call where she overhears a gunshot &amp; the sense he got was that her father shot himself??? Really, not necessary in a GAME.
Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a game not for kids but teens 13 and older shouldn’t have a problem with it. Coming from a Christian family I was scared to let my boys (12 and 14) get this game. After reading about it and learning about it I decided to let them buy it. I decided to watch them for a bit and even try the game out for myself just to see how bad it was. Suppressingly this game relied a lot more on puzzle solving then violence. You do kill people but there bad. There’s also some language but that can be disabled from the settings. Lara Croft is also a very good role model, same goes for many other charectors in this game. After learning all of this I decided to let my kids keep the game. Shadow of the Tomb Raider is ok for teens 13 and older.
If you let your kids play uncharted, the last of us, bloodborne, or call of duty, than there shouldn't be an issue here. If the last of us and uncharted had a baby, tomb raider will be born. this is because the game is about lara croft a young woman who raids tombs for treasure like Nathan drake in uncharted, and learns how to survive, like the last of us. There is no sex in this game or the prequels. This game is about lara surviving off an island and finding treasure. The violence is NOT over the top at all, its true u do kill enemies but never in gruesome close your eyes moments, there is no ripping hearts or heads. if u let your kids watch tv-ma, than this is the same. You'll see corpses of blood like in Arkham knight but nothing gory at all. this game is great and advise it to 13+
Guys listen that game is fun survival and good.I understand tht some scene are disturbing.Its ok because if its disturbing then what happend kids can play its very good game and educational many good puzzle and everything.
Worst NHL yet
Trash
I’ve played every NHL since 06 and I have to say this one is by far the worst. I’ve had the game 1 day and I already wanna tip my hair out. I can’t poke check anyways without tripping them and you get a penalty every time u touch another player. I tried avoiding touching the other team to avoid penalties but then you get your butt kicked. This game needs a major redo and I’m highly disappointed in this game. Do not bother buying unless you wanna get extremely frustrated every time you play it.
I love the fact that the games take 30 mins to play because there’s 20+ penalty minutes for each team. I rate this game 2/10 stars.
Detective adventure
This old-fashioned adventure game reminds me of Sierra and LucasArts classics. You play as a detective facing five different cases in a Victorian city with a steampunk twist; I particularly liked its characters and story. However, it's not for pre-teens. While the presentation is overall tasteful and non-graphic, and the tone is mostly lighthearted, it's also full of mature content, dealing with topics such as murder, kidnapping, vigilantism, racism, domestic abuse, prostitution, mental problems and substance addiction. Gameplay is easy compared to old point-and-click adventures: most puzzles are simplified to the point that clicking on an object automatically performs the right action needed. However, there are still situations which can be frustrating to younger players: it's possible to miss small items or say the wrong thing in a conversation, locking yourself out of vital clues; although the game will progress even if you fail at a case, too many mistakes will earn a "bad" ending. Recommended age: 14+.
Not bad at all
Amazing
Spider man is awesome!
Older kids only
A Promising return.
Stays true to the core elements of Spider Man
Spoilers
SO GOOD I 100% the game
Spiderman PS4 game
Fun game good for kids 8 and up
Better than any film or comic
Awesome
WOW
This Game!!!
This Game... WOW
Most "Webheads" have played this game before.....
Great game, not a lot of bad stuff.
Your a hero and there is no killing what so ever
Every detail of NewYork is put into this and you can get good easy. Amazing I recommend it for anyone.
A little violent but still great. Just tiny bit of swearing but not much. It's so fun swinging through nyc and fighting crime.
The new spiderman game has curses and violence. Spiderman never kills so its not too bad. Overall, 10 and up
As a kid I enjoyed Spider-man 2 on the GameCube and this new one keeps the charm it had with better graphics and gameplay. What you can expect}Excellent graphics, a plot that is movie worthy, boss fights that if you think about it are winnable, medium amount of replayablility. The game while huge and daunting at the start quickly boils down to a sector clear and advance game, however this lowers the replayability because once it is clear the only thing more is just redoing what you already have done. The game will keep you in for a solid amount of time though and respectfully its no Fallout 4 so its size is perfect for what they were going at. {Age}Honestly stick to the ESRB on this one. Even then 13 yearolds are going to find the side quests from a certain returning enemy to be...tedious. The language in the game is minimal and if you stick to the ESRB rating then your child has already heard them. {In review} If you or your kid enjoys a well rounded story, interesting plots, and don't mind game busy work and side quests then Spider-Man is the perfect reboot game for you.
I've been a fan of Spider-Man since Spiderman 2 on my PlayStation 2 simce 2004 and this really strikes me as different. I love the story and web swinging action, and its graphics are next-gen. It has some mild swearing like most video games, bit it is very rare. Mostly just sh*t and damn. There's no adult content in it (i.e. Sex and love) but its storyline involves stopping drug distribution and you never see any of them. Altogether, I would say around 14+ ish as it does involve combat, mostly punches and webs, but no bloos nor guns. This is a most enjoyable game and I hope it makes you feel the nostalgia from the good old days.
This is one of the best games I’ve ever played. The controls are easy to remember, the story is great, the graphics are realistic, etc. There is a lot of hand-to-hand combat, and enemies use guns, swords, etc. In one scene in the game, the main enemies bomb a campaign rally, killing Miles Morales’ dad. The story may also be a little scary for younger kids. There is also some swearing, buts it’s not frequent. Overall fantastic game.
let your kid play it the swearing will go over there head
The game has an extremely small amount of a words. Otherwise no swearing. It also has frequent non- gorry, non-bloody, violence like knocking people out.
This game is so so so so so good. Far better than any mcu film. Insomniac wrote Spider-Man better than anyone ever has before. There’s so much to do and play. My 11 year old son played it and his younger sister (7) watched it and they were perfectly fine. So good. 3 swear words but... meh. The violence is quite PG there is a bit of blood I suppose but it’s so infrequent. My kid got the platinum trophy, gave it to his uncle and aunt and they loved it as well. Let anyone play it and they will love it. It’s suitable for everyone as well
Very mild profanity, but when Silver Sable takes over and makes a fascist regime, that might be a little intense for sensitive kids. If they like The Hunger Games, they can handle it.
No scary violence and really good role-models. And there is no swearing so I don't know why Commen Sense says there is. The enjoyment of the game is immense and you should get the game for your kid
This game tops my list for sheer enjoyment. Swinging around NY is really fun. Peter is a really great role model but the real value of the game is just in how enjoyable it is. Violence will never get properly scary and there is NO LANGUAGE, it's a bit outrageous that Common Sense says there is. No suggestive themes as well. Good for kids 11 and up!
I mean wow. This game epitomizes the whole superhero spirit of helping others, with some cleverly written banter from Peter as well. The violence is frenetic but never extreme to a point that comes any where near the latest Spider Man Movie. Language is minimal. PLAY THE GAME
This game is ace... Please do not be put off by Commen Sense's (Totally Unjust!!) 4 star violence rating. Violence is honestly, not very bad it is intense but no blood/gore. Language is few and far between, and I am the only gamer in my club of 10 that's encountered S**t while encountering the game therefore it is totally possible to go the game without encountering it. In short parents, Commen Sense Media's 14+ is frankly ridiculous and I would urge you to let your kid play this game, or give it a go yourself. Peter is a great role-model as well!
Rated 12+ for moderate violence and drug references.
Remember our wallcrawler, Spiderman on the Gamecube (or that era), with the chase sequences, Spider slinging through the city, running up walls, running off to waypoint "crimes in progress"? ….Well good news! NOW it's in 4k. This game got so much hype you'd have thought they reinvented the wheel....when what they really did was follow the well established formula with updated graphics. That said, this version of Peter Parker is very bland and uninspired aside from the fact of actually being Spiderman. The story has familiar elements with it's own take on how it all goes down, but the story is not all that compelling when we've seen it rehashed, rebooted and recast several times over now and in far more exiting ways The good news is that the "Spiderie" parts, such as the suits, new gadgets and tweaked abilities actually DO make this the most diverse version. Little robot spiders that shoot laser blasts, electrified webs and upgrades all give you ways to customize your fight preferences. The combat you engage in with these devices and such is ever so Arkham Batman (as usual) with dodges, attacks, and the added webshooting pulling, grabbing and slinging of objects. You get the added bonus of picking up baddies and slinging them around like said objects. At the core, it all seems like standard fair at this point and I was REALLY hoping to get a different take on a SM video game for once, but eh, what chu' gunna do? In the end, we've all been there, done that if you have been exposed to this character to any degree the last couple of decades. So you won't get any memorable or truly new experiences here, but you will get them updated...to an extent. Aside from the milk toast plot devices I DO have a compliant about the combat. You have normies that are immune to your Super Strength attacks if they simply use a crowbar, then you have to use a dodge, attack pattern to tedium to down them. It's moments like these that you feel you are playing a fast action memory game set to buttons rather that battling bad guys. So between inconsistent, often redundant battles and a the aforementioned story elements, I was actually underwhelmed despite the details. But to end positive, the city is well done and looks more alive than ever. Nuff said.
Great game, not a lot of inappropriate content except for mild language including the s word once or twice. There is a bit of smoking and drug references, but not a lot. Also, in the dlc there is a bit of sexual content.
