Wow Amazing!
Not for little kids
By far the most violent Spider-Man game
Amazing!!!!
Fine for 12 up
Don't listen to troll hater Yeetus da fetus (yes,that's his actual username). He's only complaining about it being overrated.
Best Spider-Man game ever!
spiderman's ok for any age because it's just spiderman saving the world.
The language is not good for kids under 13. It also has references to drugs and crime.
If it was a movie it would be rated pg13 for Intense sequences of violence and action, Drug performance and references,crude humour and some language But sense it is a game then it would be rated-T for ages 16 and higher for Violence Blood Language Suggestive themes Drug performance and references Overall it is suitable for ages 16 and higher
It is a amazing game with a lit of good role models,spudey is a good here trying to do his best. Aunt may is a great role model especially her sayings. This is a good game and yes there are some cursing words but they are hard to understand because only enemies say them but in a fight they are hard to listen otherwise there is no word to describe this amazing game
Some bad words but all fine not including that
Lots of violence your better of buying your 13 year old callof duty or halo
Yes the game is overrated but that doesn't mean the game has a huge amount of flaws. This game is still great (did not play it but watched videos) and everything that is overrated and underrated has flaws and nothing needs to be perfect to be high quality. Overrated does not mean it has huge flaws. It means it's popular but it includes flaws (low, medium, and high amount). The troll that I mentioned is on this site.
This latest introduction into the video game world of Spider-Man may just be the best superhero game I've ever played. The story is amazing and the graphics are beautiful. The best part about this game is the fighting sequences. It may be a bit too rough for younger kids, but with maturity, I think most kids can handle it. It sucks that this game is a PS4 exclusive though. All in all, Insomniac really did an amazing job on this game, and I would hope to see this game across all gaming platforms.
yo kai is good
the best spinoff
great
so... blasters is a ghostbusters esc game where players take down bosses with up to 3 other players from around the world but one thing to note.. the game DOES use mimimal swearing and one charater (mass mutterer) is KINDA VIOLENT in fact he throws knives... but blood is not used in game and its really for the older aduince of the yo kai watch franchies.. but DO have a talk with your kids that there.. is some big kid stuff in here. edit one character says somthing about a bikini but does not appere in game
It’s easier for him to play than Madden
He doesn’t know how to do all the functions yet and he makes mistakes. But he is getting better that he is actually beating the computer on the lowest mode regularly. It’s a good way to introduce kids to games. It doesn’t have to be complicated. And he loves learning about all of the teams.
Well I’m playing with my friend and his players always miss a wide open a pass. I’ve missed a wide open shot in the paint from al horford. And the players get tired easily
Improvements to the core game also have a downside.
The basics of the game are all fleshed out in my other Destiny 2 reviews prior. What this expansion does for the franchise to attempt to move it forward is make a deliberate story with a single player campaign that's FINALLY truly worth doing. The ONLY spoiler I will give is that there are 7 sortof 'mini bosses' you will be going after in your quest and it's a nice change after the short lived campaigns of the past. It's a nice touch. Aside from this, things get opinionated in the community. The 'grind' is back as infusion fuel is rare but needed "in bulk" with mastercores being essential for this once simplistic process making 'busywork out of a once simple leveling up system. This seems to be implemented to compensate for the skill trees that are missing from destiny 2 to synthetically pad out the game. Alot of tedium has been introduced and the drop rates of the best weapons are nill and are not for purchase at vendors like Xur as they were before. Some players say they like this new slowed down system, others find it frustrating and too time consuming, many of which have attested to progress hitting a wall or items dropping consistently below current charecter levels. There are 2 adequate new areas to explore and 'bounties' are back to move the game forward and will be the bulk of what you do to level up with 'powerful' gear as your reward. these will be repetitious in nature and send you back through the same story missions and strikes as well as Player Verses Player "Crucible" and world exploration details. To top it all off you will need to be 560 light, attained through the aforementioned grinding process, to do the new raid. There are, once again, very familiar enemies and twists on old concepts like "cleansing", relics that shoot stuff and plates that require some expert standing upon all accompanied by the redundant waves and waves of ads (additional enemies that constantly respawn). This time , however, the complexity has been ramped up throughout and the mechanics are a bit more complicated. The "Last Wish" raid has already been touted as the hardest and most complex raid to date. So if that sounds enticing to you, this one is all about THAT. If that sounds daunting, well, then it rightfully should. Because teams that used to get first week clears are STILL struggling with it a few weeks in. My personal complaint is that the basic 'new' enemies don't really feel new, they are old concepts with just different "animations". They are 'types and shadows' of things that already exist in the game, so you won't be changing any of your current strategies or being forced to do anything you haven't been doing all along. This feeling spills over to the raid as well which doesn't look different enough with more of the samey type concepts and a light level that it extremely time consuming to attain. And to me, without actual skill trees to constitute the grind and a daunting amount of rare items to attain just to progress, all based on slot machine style random loot, it seems a bit stale compared to where the original Destiny thrived with the Taken King expansion and truly NEW ideas. Alot of fun has been replaced with 'busywork' instead of meaning and a sense of incremental progress beyond more than just a numbers game. The smooth game play and excellent mechanics are all there, but the execution is lacking . But.....like I said that's all subjective opibion, but as a Destiny player who has completed almost every raid prior multiple times, I'm kind of burnt out on even the idea of baring another cycle of tedium and repetition with yet another soft reset of 90% of my gear. My 2 cents.
Excellent but old fashioned
It's a great example of what Japanese turn based RPG games were like on the PlayStation 2, so it could be considered old fashioned. That's not a bad thing though. The gameplay is very good if you are a fan of games like that and it looks great. It is a fairly long game, I played on the hardest difficulty with the optional extra settings to make it even harder. I felt it was pretty balanced and what I would expect. It can be very easy on the more easy settings and therefore would be great for younger players. My girls are 5, 7, as 9 and they loved watching me play through it and having a go themselves. Some parents could consider it a pg rating and might feel it's not ideal for younger kids. There are some small sexual references and a very very gay main character, but that adds to the charm for me. There are some references to alcohol. Obviously there is a lot of fighting but the graphics are very cartoon like. So for me 7/10 at least.
Not bad at all!
If your child asks to play it, I beg of you let them (within reason)
Not for little kids, but only fantasy violence.
This game is very deep but has nothing inappropriate at all! Yes there is some blood but no gore. There is absolutely no swearing at all. It is very good and does not deserve the M eating it gets. Probably the best RPG I’ve ever played and I highly recommend it! If you are on the fence and think it will be inappropriate just because it has an M rating, you should get it because it is appropriate. 10/10
Give this review a full read before making your decision. This game has its mature aspects for sure. There IS some mild profanity. There IS ONE single tiny quest that involves suggested sex and is so out of the way and obscurely described that I doubt a young mind would pick up on it. There IS suggestive drinking and drug usage. There IS violence and mild blood. BUT: This game presents moral choices, problem solving, and general adventure in such a wonderful way. Your choices have genuine impact on others and the world around you. Everything in the game takes planning as rushing into things often ends in failure and unforeseen consequences. If your child already grasps slightly more complex games then this is an excellent seque into a more immersive world.
Fantasy violence from a distant perspective. Not for little kids, but fine for all teens
it is awesome
This is the peak of Monster Hunter. Proper challenge, insane roster with all the fan favorites, thousands of unique weapon designs, transmog, great online lobbies - it's all there. If you're a Monster Hunter veteran I don't need to tell you about how awesome it is, you likely already know. Playing XX (aka MHGU) on the big TV with the Pro Controller is incredibly fun and the best way to experience it no doubt. B. Leo ------------------
Not meant for ANY children
My 5 year old loves this game
In this game you destroy lives and abuse animals!!!!! I do not recommend for children. It evens involves scenes of swallowing!!!!! Disgusting! I am utterly shocked at this filth. Its too violent.
Game controls and mechanics are easy enough for a 4.5 to grasp. The game is a loosely physics one. The game involves controlling a hole in the ground. You try to "eat" up everything. The more objects (and animals character) that fall in the larger the hole gets. There is also some mild puzzles where things have to be done in the right order to move onto the next section. I helped my five-year-old a few times and after that, he was able to solve all the problems himself up to the "boss fight". There is a bit of a "think for yourself instead of just following orders" and "think of others" message too but it is buried under a bit of silliness. The male main character does redeem himself at the end of the game.
Urban fantasy adventure
This point-and-click adventure game is reminiscent, in terms of content, of the TV show Supernatural and of the book series The Dresden Files; in terms of gameplay, it's strongly inspired by Sierra and LucasArts classics. There is also something of Bioware RPGs, with different party members the player can choose for each mission and interact with, like in Dragon Age or Mass Effect. I enjoyed the game, especially its likable, fairly interesting characters and the fact that different party combinations require to solve puzzles in different ways. Said puzzles are generally on the easy side though. There are mild swearing and sexuality (nothing graphic: a suggested sexual relationship between friends, a flashback implying an extra-marital affair). Most of the content is, however, way too violent and scary for kids; I'd recommend it for the age of 14+. The plot follows an occult organization battling dark magic and monsters; there is a lot of stuff which is inappropriate for kids, both supernatural (blood rituals, cults, demonic possession - the latter is a major plot point) and mundane (people being killed in bloody ways, several suicides). The "retro" style of the game makes all this less graphic than it could have been, but it's still quite disturbing for pre-teens.
