menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Dubai » Blogs » Trapped in Dubai During A Quarantine Trapped in Dubai During A Quarantine « Previous Entry Advertisement Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Dubai April 10th 2020 Published April 10th 2020Edit Blog Post LarryandJen Masked and ready for a walk This is a challenging time for everyone.
But nothing is as challenging as being trapped in another country...literally.
I was planning to fly home for a week at the end of March.
I was so convinced I would be there that I extended by a week so I could run the 6X Dunkin Donut Half Marathon which was finally scheduled for the beginning of April after being talked about for a number of years.
As the month of March rolled on I was still convinced I was going.
Jen didnt want me to go...she even canceled her own trip but I was insistent.
It took a text from my sister and mother saying they would prefer if I didnt come.
So I gave in and canceled my trip.
Seeing what was going on in the US its wasnt a bad idea to stay put.
I was still in Dubai...able to run and walk the dog.
Running was banned at first but then I received clarification from the Dubai Police that gave me permission to run solo...life was good.
That was until Dubai went on a 24 hour lockdown.
No one can go outside unless receiving permission to do so.
If Social Distancing on a delivery you were given permission you had to wear a mask.
However no running and no walking the dog which is totally insane if you live in an apartment.
There is a website where you enter your request with options of Grocery/Pharmacy Medical or Emergency.
The first day I entered a request to walk the dog and it was granted...Yes!! Well apparently that was an error and the next day my request was denied.
No walking the dog or there is a possibility of being fined AED2000-3000 US$544-$816.
I didnt have a choice but to walk the dog and roll the dice.
Keeping enough alcohol in the house for Jennifer to stay sane not that she drinks that much but certain times call for certain measures is also a bit of a challenge.
When things were normal we would drive to another emirates up north where there is a large liquor store that has anything you could imagine and bring it back to Dubai.
Now that we cant do that we need to buy liquor here.
In Dubai you need a liquor license to buy alcohol.
They have made it easier by allowing you to apply online for the license...as Virtual coffee with fellow runners well I dont need to give Jennifer permission to buy alcohol at the moment so she can easily apply.
And of course in Dubai you can have the alcohol delivered...so we still have options...you just need to plan ahead as there can be a wait to get your order.
Runs have pretty much come to a halt.
The running group I joined now has a virtual coffee meet up on Fridays after what used to be our long run.
Before the lockdown I tried to get a treadmill delivered but the building was only allowing deliveries that were an emergency...HELLO! ...
this is an emergency.
I then changed my requested and asked to have medical equipment required for rehabilitation delivered and was given approval.
But now there is a total lockdown and I cant get it delivered so I lose again.
At some point I need to get the running shoes back on since I am supposed to be running the London Marathon which was moved from April to October.
Now that sounds like it will be in jeopardy to be canceled.
Keeping my fingers crossed.
I was able to get a flight voucher from my canceled flight.
Empty streets of Dubai The plan at the moment is the fly to the US in July and stay through mid September so I can train for London.
There is no way I can do it in the heat of Dubai and I refused to marathon train on a treadmill for the sake of my sanity so it will be 8 weeks of the Howard County Striders Next Step Half/Full program.
Everything is on hold at the moment however at least until the planes are flying again as there are basically no flights in or out of Dubai at the moment.
So for the time being we are stuck indoors but able to get fresh air by going onto the balcony.
Word is that I can walk the dog now but it has to be close to the building and can be for only 10 minutes I dont know who times that.
At least that takes away some of the stress of getting fined.
And we continue to try to make the best out of challenging conditions.
« Previous Entry Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 3 Message Larry Stern LarryandJen The timing seemed right and the offer couldnt be turned down so my wife and I made a 5 year commitment to move to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.
For me this was huge.
I have never lived anywhere other than the east coast of the US and I will say I never really considered myself a world traveler....until now.
Enjoy the information and adventures...and if nothing else you can live vicariously through me.
...
full info Joined February 21st 2019 Trips 0 Last Login April 10th 2020 Followers 3 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 5 Guestbook 6 Photos 14 Forum Posts 0 blog=1050089 blogger=390519 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1050089 blogger=390519 Advertisement Brief history of United Arab Emirates ...more history Travel Blog » Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Dubai » Blogs » Trapped in Dubai During A Quarantine Tot 0.056s Tpl 0.017s cc 8 qc 23 dbt 0.0259s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.2mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Larry Stern LarryandJen - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2880 ttl 3600 left 720 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
