menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ayutthaya » Blogs » Fallen Empire - Ayutthaya Thailand Fallen Empire - Ayutthaya Thailand « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ayutthaya February 24th 2017 Published February 23rd 2017Edit Blog Post TravelbyTravis ayutthaya Ayutthaya the fabled city of stories past.
It served as the seat of power and the capitol of the Kingdom of Siam from 1350-1767 when it was then sacked looted and burned by the Burmese.
The city now serves as a UNESCO Historical site and with the numerous temples and palaces it is easy to imagine its past splendor.
The historical site is surrounded by rivers and moats isolating an island that is filled with the ruins.
The natural barriers made it an easy choice to build the capitol of the fallen empire.
I came to see the ruins and as I toured the many sites for the first time I truly felt I was in the Asia that I had dreamt about half a world away.
Getting to Ayutthaya form Kanchanaburi was simple.
All of the tour agencies and my guesthouse wanted to sell me a ticket for $400b for the four hour journey.
I knew I could do better as public transport in the North is much better and easier to navigate than it is down South.
The long and the short is I walked to the bus station in Kanchanaburi and looked at the map.
I hopped hot room So unbelievably hot in my accommodation onto a bus $70b for Suphanburi two hours to the North.
I then transferred onto another bus for two hours Eastbound for Ayutthaya $90b.
Do the math and chalk up a victory for this guy.
Once at my destination I found a sweltering room for $200b.
As I only wanted to stay here for one day my first order of business was to get a ticket out of town.
I took the ferry boat to the train station and bought a ticket to the far North of Thailand.
$766B for a sleeper berth on the night train for the 13 hour journey the following evening.
This was the last ticket available on the entire train.
Things were working out quite well for me.
Up early the next morning - 11am - I rented yet another bicycle $30b from the guesthouse where I stayed so I could explore the various ruins of the old historical centre.
Whilst riding in the South East Asian sunshine I had a few random thoughts cross my mind.
The first of which was that my knee has not felt this good since it was broken on that cursed hit on the ice back in December reclaim 2011.
Second was that amidst the trees and the lakes of Ayutthaya I felt I could be riding back in my beloved Washington Park except that instead of the majestic Rockies to my West I had layers of ancient ruins over 600 years all around me.
This was not the first time I have drawn random comparisons in my head and it is sure to not be the last.
With the golden hues of the equatorial gleam upon my shoulders I came upon a temple where a statue of The Buddha had been swallowed by Mother Nature and reclaimed by the test of time.
This sight that saturated my eyes among others whetted my thirsting appetite for the impending journey to the mighty Wats of Angkor to the East.
Overall just a really pleasant afternoon riding around and exploring the hidden gems of this ancient city.
After the end of the long day I returned the bike grabbed my bags and headed off to the train station for my overnight journey to Chiang Mai.
The ride on the train was great as I had never been on an overnight train before.
I grabbed a few beers at the wat2 bar car and off to sleep I went and surprisingly slept very well with the rocking of the train and the sounds of the track passing below.
I stayed two days in Chiang Mai and I didnt care for this place.
I took 3 photos if that tells you anything.
Its my own fault really.
I had an expectation in my mind of what this city would be like and of course it was not like I had imagined it.
The thing with expectations is that they always lead to disappointment so I try to not have any.
Opting not to go for any of the over touristy hill trekking in the area and with the crowds all heading West to Pai I hopped onto a bus North to a tiny town called Thaton four hours away smack on the Burmese border in the far North of Thailand without a clue or a plan.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 22 Displayed 22 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 9 Message Travis McComas TravelbyTravis My name is Travis.
I am a 37 year old who has a terrible affliction called wanderlust.
Ive been planning plotting and scheming my way to finally fulfill and live my lifetime dream of wandering around the globe.
As long as I can remember Ive always been fascinated with other cultures and ways of life.
Ive always tried to imagine what it is like to be in exotic and foreign locales and to experience the sights sounds smells and tastes associated with them.
My aim is to realize my dreams and make all of my aspirations come to fruition.
So Ive taken an extended a...
full info Joined March 30th 2016 Trips 0 Last Login February 5th 2019 Followers 9 Status BLOGGER Follows 9 Blogs 118 Guestbook 26 Photos 2570 Forum Posts 14 blog=959302 blogger=343414 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=959302 blogger=343414 Advertisement moat sleeper Trains are the best! My bus on the ride up Night perfomance in town IMG_0262 IMG_0249 Just a beauty! IMG_0257 IMG_0256 IMG_0258 IMG_0259 IMG_0288 IMG_0290 IMG_0292 IMG_0295 Massive Wats! IMG_0312 Sleeper car! Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ayutthaya » Blogs » Fallen Empire - Ayutthaya Thailand Tot 2.831s Tpl 0.017s cc 31 qc 118 dbt 0.0379s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.6mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Travis McComas TravelbyTravis - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 333 ttl 3600 left 3267 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
