menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama » Blogs » The Oldest Castle in Japan The Oldest Castle in Japan « Previous Entry Next Entry » Japan Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama September 30th 2013 Published September 30th 2013Edit Blog Post deejayvee Castle Overlooking the River Inuyama Castle Monday was my last day trip from Kyoto and I was heading out to see another National Treasure castle at Inuyama.
Apparently it is the oldest standing castle in Japan.
The other National Treasure castles are Hikone Himeji see previous blogs and Matsumoto see a future one but not yet!.
To get there I had to take 3 trains again but I was glad that one of them was a shinkansen to Nagoya – the bullet trains are awesome.
Eventually I arrived at Unuma station which is across the river from Inuyama.
Again there is a private railway that can get you closer but it wasn’t far away and as it turns out it was a very nice walk.
Crossing the bridge over the river gave a wonderful vista of the castle on the hill and on the other side the riverside walk was really nice.
Despite looking like quite a large hill the walk up was surprisingly not too bad.
Once again they had entrance ticket combos and I had no idea what else I wanted to see in town because I hadn’t found the tourist information office yet.
So I went for the Watching Where Were Going Some of the trains here allow you to look out the front which I really like.
combo that included the nearby tea garden.
The castle itself is pretty nice but not huge.
There also wasn’t much of a ground around the castle mostly because it’s on the edge of a cliff.
I headed into the castle and had a look around.
There wasn’t a lot inside but they did have the lord’s room to show what it was like inside the actual castle when it was in use.
There were a few displays some armour and other things but no English signs so I wasn’t sure what I was looking at.
The highlight once again was the view from the top.
The castle actually had a veranda around the top floor.
Then I headed back down via the extremely steep staircases – I don’t know how a samurai would have done it in full armour! After a brief stop for souvenirs and an ice-cream I left the castle to have a look around town.
I quickly found the tourist information centre and tried to ask them what was in the Shirotomachi museum.
Unfortunately their English was only marginally better than my Japanese so they kept telling me how to get Riverside Walk On the way to Inuyama Castle there.
Anyway I had plenty of time so I decided to go and check it out regardless.
As it turns out it was only 100 yen so there wasn’t much to lose.
There wasn’t a lot in there but it was quite well done.
The main room was dominated by a massive model of the town as it was hundreds of years ago.
It was quite detailed and very impressive.
There were two additional rooms with various items displayed including armour and swords.
Two of the swords were really big – possibly equivalent to a Scottish claymore end to end although these swords had longer handles.
The museum ticket also gave me entrance to the Karakuri Exhibition room across the road.
I thought it was just some kind of puppet museum at first.
But there was a tour group getting a talk and demonstration so I eavesdropped on the English translator and it turns out that Karakuri are mechanical puppets that were used to deliver tea.
It was quite clever really because the puppet stops moving once somebody picks up the teacup.
When the teacup is replaced it starts moving again turning around in Looking Up at Inuyama Castle a semi-circle and heading back to where it came from.
Apparently it was designed to move exactly the length of a standard mat.
From there I headed back down the hill and went to the Uraku-En tea garden.
The tea room there was actually built for a brother of Oda Nobunaga the first person to unify Japan during the Sengoku Jidai civil war who was a master of the tea ceremony this was actually a really big deal in Feudal Japan – the tea ceremony was often participated in but rarely mastered.
It has actually been moved to the Uraku-En garden.
The garden was lovely though and the highlight for me.
It was getting about time for me to start heading back to the train station.
I walked back and had the chance to look at some of the fighter jets that had been flying over all day.
I recognised F-4s and F-15s.
I assumed earlier that there must have been an air force base nearby or something.
But on the walk back to the station I could see that they were flying one at a time over to the west dropping low very On The Way to Inuyama Castle low and circling around a couple of times before leaving.
I thought I saw some smoke rising in that direction so perhaps there’s a live bombing range there somewhere.
The trip back to Kyoto was uneventful other than the fact that I was on a train that actually left late! Sure it was only 4 minutes and it was only 2 minutes late when it got to Nagoya but that is by far the latest I’ve seen any train run in Japan.
Tomorrow is a bit of a rest day.
I will be getting my luggage forwarded to my hotel in Takamatsu a great service available here in Japan! so all I have to do is catch a couple of trains.
Takamatsu will be my base for a week while I explore the small island of Shikoku with a trip back to Honshu to visit Hiroshima thrown in for good measure.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 24 Displayed 24 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 15 Message David Vincent deejayvee I am from Sydney Australia.
Despite working in IT my main interest when travelling is history - particularly military history.
As such I tend to visit a lot of castles.
Comments on my blog are welcome.
However any that include external links or urls will be deleted as spam.
...
full info Joined March 11th 2008 Trips 9 Last Login May 17th 2020 Followers 15 Status BLOGGER Follows 12 Blogs 101 Guestbook 200 Photos 3378 Forum Posts 6 blog=809740 blogger=64801 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=809740 blogger=64801 Advertisement Brief history of Japan In 1603 a Tokugawa shogunate military dictatorship ushered in a long period of isolation from foreign influence in order to secure its power.
For 250 years this policy enabled Japan to enjoy stability and a flowering of its indigenous culture.
Fol...more history Trips Greece Turkey Germany and Scandinavia April 27th 2008 -» June 6th 2008 USA August 26th 2012 -» October 6th 2012 Japan September 22nd 2013 -» October 17th 2013 Tasmania April 13th 2014 -» April 25th 2014 Chile Peru and Bolivia November 2nd 2014 -» December 8th 2014 India to Greece March 2nd 2016 -» April 6th 2016 The land of expired food byproducts! October 12th 2017 -» November 19th 2017 Chile and Antarctica January 14th 2019 -» February 15th 2019 Trans-Australia September 12th 2019 -» October 7th 2019 On The Way to Inuyama Castle Shrine Near Inuyama Castle Inuyama Castle The Lords Room Inuyama Castle Model of Inuyama Castle Inside Inuyama Castle Looking Back At the Riverside Walk From the top of Inuyama Castle View From The Top Inuyama Castle Shrine Near Inuyama Castle Shrine Near Inuyama Castle Model of Feudal Inuyama Shirotomachi museum Model of Inuyama Castle Shirotomachi museum Entrance to the Tea Garden Uraku-En tea garden In the Garden Uraku-En tea garden Path in the Garden Uraku-En tea garden In the Garden Uraku-En tea garden Tea Room Uraku-En tea garden Looking Through to the Garden Uraku-En tea garden Waterfall Uraku-En tea garden 30th September 2013 John non-member comment Such a pretty country and so green.
Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama » Blogs » The Oldest Castle in Japan Tot 2.871s Tpl 0.027s cc 38 qc 151 dbt 0.0985s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.8mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact David Vincent deejayvee - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 897 ttl 3600 left 2703 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
