menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chanthaburi » Blogs » Chanthaburi - Wats with the wabbits? Chanthaburi - Wats with the wabbits? « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chanthaburi September 7th 2013 Published September 18th 2013Edit Blog Post rrruss Golden Bunny Rabbit Nobody has ever heard of Chanthaburi which probably explains the puzzled looks as we bought our bus tickets and the lack of other visitors when we got there.
We only went there to break up a journey that would otherwise have been a little too long for us.
As usual getting there was part of the adventure.
Our bus transfer from the hotel didnt turn up again! This time it seems that we were not even booked on the bus yet we were there when the hotel owner made the reservation so it certainly wasnt his fault.
Eventually we were put in a taxi again! which took us to the Thai border at the expense of the bus company.
At the border we were met by their representative who kind of explained the procedure for crossing into Thailand and finding our bus on the other side.
There was quite a lot of hanging about but the actual border crossing was simple enough.
On the Thai side the waiting foreign hordes were squeezed into pick-ups which took us a few kilometres to a restaurant.
Various minibuses then took us all our different ways.
Ours was going to the port for a ferry King Tak Sin Monument to Kho Chang but was to drop us in Chanthaburi on the way.
We had been told we would be dropped off on the edge of town because the driver couldnt go into the centre.
Little did we know that there would be no taxis tuk tuks or public transport at the industrial site where he threw us out at the side of the road.
It turned out to be 5km into town and it was far too hot and humid to walk all the way.
We asked for help in a small restaurant but they were unable to call a taxi for us.
Were not really sure why but eventually one of their neighbours gave us a lift in his car.
We had to force some beer money into his hands and we were left very impressed by Thai hospitality.
The Kasemsan Hotel is apparently the best place in town so we thought we would treat ourselves as it was just for one night.
It was actually quite reasonable and very comfortable.
We stayed for two nights in the end and could have stayed longer.
That probably sounds surprising if nobody ever goes there but we quickly Wat Bot Check out the monk mowing the lawn! fell in love with the town and there are a lot of day trips you can do if you stay longer.
We were completely bewitched by the Chinese style riverside fishermens cottages.
Some have been converted into bars and restaurants whilst others house quirky arty shops.
There are still a few which seem to house large Chinese and Vietnamese families behind ornate windows.
We found one bar where Mr Cob the owner came over to practise his English.
We had a good chat and discovered that his name in English means frog so he will always be Mr Frog to us.
Before we left he told us to come back the next night because two of his regular customers Mr John and Mrs Helen would be there.
The next evening we returned and were glad to have stayed the extra night because John and Helen were great and we had a very enjoyable evening.
John teaches English in a local primary school so we had lots to talk about.
The town is also famous for its Catholic church.
Its very big and was founded by Cambodian and Vietnamese catholics who came to town a century ago.
In addition More rabbits to the church the town is known for its gem market.
Crowds gathered around tiny tables inspecting and trading precious stones.
At weekends it is supposed to get very busy and it must be quite interesting to see.
With only a few traders active the camera lens seemed a little intrusive so we didnt hang around too long.
There are several wats and temples around too.
They are probably the most colourful ones we have seen on our travels.
We even saw the monks out cutting the grass using some pretty antiquated machines.
Most of the temples are in the style we have become accustomed to on the trip but there were a couple which looked very Chinese with magnificent dragons.
This blog was called Wats with the wabbits because everywhere we went we saw rabbits.
The lamposts around the central park with its lake and tributes to King Tak Sin were topped with golden bunnies.
Street signs were adorned with white rabbits.
There were even topiary ones.
Luckily we met Mr John and discovered that the rabbit is simply the symbol of the town.
They certainly brighten the place up.
Our next destination was the island Island on the lake of Ko Samet so another minibus journey was waiting for us the next day.
The Thailand part of our trip had got off to a very good start.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 22 Displayed 22 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 19 Message Russ Pearce rrruss Russ and Trish are still in Spain 7 years on and loving it! Take a look at www.anythingbutpaella.com to see more about what we have been doing there.
Wow its this long since we left the UK to change our lives! For those who want to see all about what we did before May 2006 follow these links Sept 2005 - April 2006 Peru Bolivia and Argentina June - Sept 2004 Bolivia url=ht...
full info Joined July 24th 2006 Trips 8 Last Login May 12th 2020 Followers 19 Status BLOGGER Follows 19 Blogs 542 Guestbook 689 Photos 10.9K Forum Posts 71 blog=807410 blogger=21065 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=807410 blogger=21065 Advertisement Brief history of Thailand A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
Known as Siam until 1939 Thailand is the only Southeast Asian country never to have been taken over by a European power.
A bloodless revolution in 1932 led to a constitutional monarchy....more history Trips Azerbaijan September 17th 2008 -» August 1st 2009 Tunisia November 20th 2009 -» April 2nd 2010 Back in England April 3rd 2010 -» May 9th 2010 Our US Vacation! May 10th 2010 -» August 7th 2010 Sri Lanka 2015 January 3rd 2015 -» January 23rd 2015 South East Asia 2017 December 29th 2016 -» March 4th 2017 Our big fat African Adventure! December 13th 2018 -» February 14th 2019 Morocco and Spanish North Africa April 7th 2019 -» April 25th 2019 Alcohol-free zone Colour in the street The Cock Army Trish meets Superman Wat Mai Diamond statue in Gems Market Gem traders Fish on the streetside barbie Old fishermens houses ASEAN Hellos Catholic church Inside the Catholic church Champion fish? Incredible artwork Riverside view Rabbits again! Wat Bot Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chanthaburi » Blogs » Chanthaburi - Wats with the wabbits? Tot 3.026s Tpl 0.085s cc 12 qc 27 dbt 0.0979s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Russ Pearce rrruss - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 897 ttl 3600 left 2703 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
