menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Center District » Rehovot » Blogs » exploring the Shephelah of Israel exploring the Shephelah of Israel « Previous Entry Next Entry » Israel 2012 Advertisement Middle East » Israel » Center District » Rehovot May 24th 2012 Published May 24th 2012Edit Blog Post Fort Fun Granola Boy Fearless Brian! At the gate of Khirbet Qeiyafa On Tuesday May 22nd we took off for a 3-day excursion through the Shephelah Coastal Plain S of Tel Aviv and the deserts of the Negev.
Our first stop took us far and away from our home base of Jerusalem westward bumping over valleys and over bridges on the modern roads which now scream past the ancient trade routes and fortresses.
We eventually turned off at a small industrial complex and the large tour bus freight liner? began slowly winding on a small gravel road past wheat fields and vineyards.
If our tour guide had been any but the fearless and atrociously knowledgable Brian of Fresno Pacific Uni we probably would have been slightly more suspicious ending up where we did! Our drivers efforts were soon rewarded however as we disembarked at the base of Khirbet Qeiyafa a Judean outpost dated from the 10th c.
BC.
I was very happy to see a pristine example of a 4-chambered gate typical of the Middle Bronze era as this type of construction was very common for the time period.
Further I had not realized that the sewage and used water from the functioning settlement would have traveled down a path of Columnbarium at Mareshah stones which simply emptied to one side of gate spilling onto the hillside beneath! Also an inscription found at this site may provide evidence for the united Monarchy mentioned in the Old Testament.
A somewhat surprised shepherd happened over the hill during our visit as well.
Our next visit was to Bet-Shemesh house of the sun which like Khirbet Qeiyafa has strong connections to the Philistine conflicts with the Israeliets mentioned in 1 Samuel.
I was fascinated to learn that though the animosity between the groups was high interchange between the Philistine and Israelite camps still existed.
This is evidenced by a small amount of pig bones at Bet-Shemesh an Israelite site while a large number of pig bones were found at Philistine sites in the vicinity such as Timnah.
Of course under the Torah consuming pig was expressly forbidden.
Next on the agenda for this very packed day was the site of Tel Azekah.
We spoke briefly about 1 Sam 17 which as most students in child Bible studies learn is a portion of the Bible describing the battle between David and Goliath.
We discussed the legendary height of Goliath who may have only been about 6 Olive Press at Mareshah feet tall! Hardly legendary by todays standards but at the time likely still would have towered over his fellow countrymen and the Israelites.
I was very intrigued by Brians suggestion that David may have been tall and solidly built as well as King Saul since when Saul offers David the armour David rejects it - not because it doesnt fit but as the text alludes to because he was untrained in its use and felt clumsy.
David may also have been older than the very boyish stereotype which we have given to him.
We spent some time at Mareshah Bet Guvrin where we explored a series of underground caverns including many with blocks hewn out of the walls for raising pigeons! These pigeons would have been used for cultic practices.
We also had the privilege to see an olive press from the period of the Ptolemies and I was surprised to learn that 1 million olive trees would have been needed in the area to provide enough supply for these presses to supply the demand.
Our final site was Lachish which I will save for another time since this has gotten really long and my chai latte was Sidonian Patriarchial Tomb Mareshah drained some time ago.
Enough to say we ended up late at the modern city of Arad at a giant hostel and maybe the best dinner Ive had in a very very long time.
Amazing how exhaustion makes food taste better.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 9 Displayed 9 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Steve Griffin Fort Fun Granola Boy Israel 2012 PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS! You are all wonderful.
-steve g ...
full info Joined July 5th 2006 Trips 3 Last Login February 28th 2013 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 64 Guestbook 36 Photos 407 Forum Posts 3 blog=718850 blogger=19973 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=718850 blogger=19973 Advertisement Trips Around the World....
June 17th 2009 -» August 1st 2009 Scandinavia 2011 May 23rd 2011 -» June 9th 2011 Israel 2012 May 11th 2012 -» June 8th 2012 Stairway Mareshah In front of the sliding tomb spaces Mareshah Sheep Khirbet Qeiyafa Shepherd Wheat field at the base of K.Q.
Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Center District » Rehovot » Blogs » exploring the Shephelah of Israel Tot 3.197s Tpl 0.089s cc 14 qc 70 dbt 0.1399s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Steve Griffin Fort Fun Granola Boy - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306046 age 905 ttl 3600 left 2695 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
