menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Qatar » Al Khor » Blogs » Al Khor and Back Again Al Khor and Back Again « Previous Entry Next Entry » A Bot in Qatar Advertisement Middle East » Qatar » Al Khor December 15th 2012 Published December 15th 2012Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 lexispence10 Al Thakhirah Mangroves beautiful! Friday was a wonderful day.
I had stayed up late doing some work Thursday night but was able to sleep in Friday.
I had wanted to take a trip to the beach town Al Khor about 40km north of Doha but just didnt want to.
Instead I went to the Villagio Mall and shopped til I was about to drop! I bought a reimburseable blackberry for work skirts shirts sweaters...
I still need boots and a coat though it is getting cold here.
No really! I took myself to a movie Red Dawn.
Completely cheesy and predictable but I enjoyed it more than I thought.
The movie almost but not quite drowned out the people talking throughout people here have no respect for others in theaters - they talk on their phones or to each other walk around or have their phone lit up texting the whole time.
I really dont know why they go to a movie except they must think it is a quiet place to sit and talk with their friends and who cares about those who paid money to watch the movie..
Very irritating and why I only go to early movies or VIP movies here.
The road north I met with a coworker from the US last night for dinner going to the Lebanese restaurant that Id gone to previously with Indiana and Tony.
We had the usual appetisers fatoush cheese fatayer hummus my carrot juice and some apple flavored shisha - such a great place.
I think shisha makes me very very sleepy most of you know what Im like after I drink the cigarette smoke from the table next to us was really irritating though - everyone here smokes.
Shisha smells fine and feels clean when you smoke it Ive done it all of 4 times since Ive been here but cigarette smoke gets in your eyes your hair your throat and STAYS.
Ugh.
Today I was going to drive to City Center Mall nearest my hotel to shop for boots but I was in the mood to just drive...
so up to Al Khor I went! It was a pleasant drive though I only got to see camels once and there was more civilization than I thought there would be.
The highway was nice and not crowded but plenty of cars so it was not deserted plus there were even expat cyclists! I Happy bridge may have to get back into riding...
Al Khor was a surprisingly lovely little beach town.
Very clean and well laid out with some very pretty homes and neighborhoods.
There was a mall which Im sure is just mostly basics and plenty of places to eat McDonalds of course.
They have a lovely corniche that wraps around the little bay there but even though there was a nice little beach and little umbrellas set up on a lovely day there was next to no one there.
Such a shame.
I decided to drive a little further north to the next town Al Thakhirah which is smaller and even nicer.
It is at the end of the road to the gulf and ends in a beautiful mangrove area.
This was definitely the highlight of my week.
I wish Id brought a blanket and a book.
It is hard to describe how peaceful it was.
On one side were some guys launching boats including what looked like some kayaks.
On the other side is the beautiful clear water and mangroves lining the water.
Supposedly there is great bird watching here not my forte and I did hear lots of chirps Welcome to Al Khor all around.
Just a very pleasant exprience.
I drove back on a different road away from the coast but apparently a main route to Doha as it was full of traffic and there was not much scenery.
Maybe the next weekend Im here I will head south towards the dunes...
I tried to go to City Center when I got back to the city but the parking lot was full or almost full and there was no way I was going to deal with that! So now Im home and writing this.
Maybe Ill take a cab to the mall later tonight I really really want my boots! Qatars National Day is December 18th and looks like it may be a huge celebration! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 36 Displayed 24 « Back 1 2 Next » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 23 Message Alexis M Spencer lexispence10 I was an engineer on a long term assignment first in Dubai and then in Qatar.
During this time I took advantage of my nice paycheck and proximity to other places to start seeing the world.
After three years I decided to take a much earned break and traveled for a year.
After working about two years in New York State I am on my way back to Dubai....
full info Joined May 6th 2012 Trips 5 Last Login June 15th 2020 Followers 23 Status BLOGGER Follows 18 Blogs 314 Guestbook 557 Photos 5512 Forum Posts 6 blog=761289 blogger=238916 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=761289 blogger=238916 Advertisement Trips A Bot in Dubai May 30th 2012 -» October 22nd 2012 A Bot in Qatar October 23rd 2012 -» June 30th 2015 Funemployment July 1st 2015 -» July 18th 2016 Hometown adventures July 19th 2016 -» May 22nd 2018 Back to the Middle East May 23rd 2018 -» ongoing Entrance to Al Khor Qatari flags for National Day December 18th - should be a big celebration! Al Khor Towers These seem to represent Al Khor and are used in neighborhood design There are many of these sites in Qatar Little to see A little disappointing - no plaque or descriptions or anything nice view though Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Khor Corniche Al Thakhirah Al Thakhirah « Back 1 2 Next » 15th December 2012 Amber non-member comment Amazing Looks like an east coast beach town...well until you see the very Arabic features of it.
But good weekend getaway nonetheless.
Im with you on the buying cold weather gear...I definitely need to do some serious shopping to get back to Ventucky life cause its cold!! But my blood will thicken and Ill get used to it.
 16th December 2012 Romsa non-member comment Pretty beach! Hello Buttercup Thanks for sharing the pictures of your trip.
The ocean looks beautiful.
Did you go in the water? Was it cold? How long did it take you to get there? I hope all is well in your world.
Travel Blog » Middle East » Qatar » Al Khor » Blogs » Al Khor and Back Again Tot 3.071s Tpl 0.037s cc 11 qc 30 dbt 0.0456s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Alexis M Spencer lexispence10 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 906 ttl 3600 left 2694 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
