menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Hokkaido » Noboribetsu » Blogs » Onsen in Noboribetsu Onsen in Noboribetsu « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Japan » Hokkaido » Noboribetsu November 6th 2013 Published November 7th 2013Edit Blog Post CyrusandDiana image Onsen Toil and trouble leaving Sapporo.
Panic! Thought I left my phone at the train station.
Sweaty palms.
Diana thank you for finding it for me under the seat of the train.
Fell out of my pocket.
Lifesaver.
Checked in the Ryokan in Noboribetsu.
Luggage brought to the room.
Tatami mats.
Tea set.
Fresh coffee beans with a hand grinder.
Sitting on the floor we drank coffee ate mochi and made a plan for the day.
Onsenbaths dinner brought to the room massage in room afterwards.
Perfect.
Robes Men blue women red.
Robe and towel in basket at onsen.
Wash yourself first.
Sitting down.
Wash off the stool you were sitting on.
Wash out your bucket.
Dont spray anyone else.
Dont stand up and wash.
Relax.
Or try to.
Ok.
First part is done.
Now the baths.
Giant beautiful space with 10 different pools.
All overlooking the hell of the thermal springs.
Giant glass wall.
Different pools.
Some 38 degrees.
Some 42 degrees.
Some near the boiling point.
Some cloudy and sulfuric others clear crisp and cold.
Small talk with a Japanese man.
Kani wa tabimasu.
No.
Watashi wa kani o tabimasu.
Hai.
Oishii desu image ka? A little English a little Japanese cultural contact made.
Hajime mashite.
Nice to meet you too.
Evening comes.
Dusk.
I am in the outdoor pools now.
The night sky with the sulfur vents in the background.
I order sake and umeboshi on a floating wooden tray.
The sun sets.
The steam rises from the pools.
Faces and bodies hidden behind the steam.
The foreigners peer at each other curiously through the misty air.
My sake is finished my skin is red from the waters and temperatures.
I return to the room.
Tea rest.
At 700 our dinner is served in our room.
A mesmerizing collection of 19 different small dishes.
Each in its own bowl plate saucer.
Some covered some with flames underneath.
Salty sweet.
Soft hard.
Creamy crunchy.
Hot cold.
Plum wine and hot tea.
The girl in kimono comes back to serve a desert of fresh fruit.
We finish and sit with a pot of hot tea.
She clears the table and pushes aside the furniture on the tatami mats.
At 800 a boy comes in to make up the beds.
Futons on the mats.
We sleep.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Cyrus Clark Diana Janssen CyrusandDiana We are going to Japan!...
full info Joined November 1st 2013 Trips 0 Last Login November 28th 2013 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 32 Guestbook 17 Photos 132 Forum Posts 0 blog=814803 blogger=277191 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=814803 blogger=277191 Advertisement Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Hokkaido » Noboribetsu » Blogs » Onsen in Noboribetsu Tot 3.082s Tpl 0.049s cc 11 qc 48 dbt 0.0962s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Cyrus Clark Diana Janssen CyrusandDiana - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306046 age 908 ttl 3600 left 2692 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
