menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Japan Â» Aichi Â» Anjo Â» Blogs Â» more updating more updating Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Asia Â» Japan Â» Aichi Â» Anjo October 9th 2008 Published October 9th 2008Edit Blog Post Emble bee Yesterday I went to pottery!! Woot! It was really great.
I made two bowls both of which i think will turn out okay...hopefully....
i love clay.
its squishy and cool and just plain neat.
In a couple days ill go back and glaze them both and then theyll be fired.
I dont know much about pottery so if im missing somehting im hoping my sensei will knock me over the head....hopefully Ill be able to come home with authentic Japanese bowls.
Very cool.
they will be pieces of art just you wait...*she says as they crumble and fall apart* Today the two girls and i went to English class and were taught the proper way to speak english.
We english speakers dont know anything.
Its a very complicated i dont know how anyone stands learning it in the first place.
The text book that they gave us to use as a reference has sooooo many mistakes in it.
No wonder people have a hard time learning english.
Theyre using the wrong texts! After english class which i failed because i dont know any phonetics we went to another class where were suppose to teach english nursery rhythms.
All of us girls made total fools out of ourselves.
lots of fun ð?˜‰ And THEN after that i went to a Japanese sewing class which isnt any different than the sewing classes ive taken before except everyone speaks Japanese...lots of miming was involved.
Its going to be great.
Im making my own dress and if i finish it on time i might be able to show it off in the fashion in November.
Ill be the only ã??ã?„ã?˜ã‚“ gaijin - foreigner on the runway.
On my way home today it took the wrong train.
Fun times.
I took the SUPER Express rather than just the normal express.
I ended up somewhere called Chiyro or something.
Luckily some of the signs are in english so i was able to wrangle my way to the right platform.
Unfortunately just because youre on the right platform doesnt mean that youre going to be on the right train which was my problem in the first place.
I did a lot of pointing and tilting of the head before i was confident that i was going the right way.
So because of all this i get home late which is no peoblem except that my host sister and i were suppose to pick up the cell phone im buyng that evening.
We arrive at the store on time and everything except that we find out we need my host mother there to authorize something or other and we dont have time to go home and back again.
So Im STILL without a cell.
*sigh* tomorrow.
*crosses fingers* So yeah thats it for today.....toodles ð?˜‰ Em Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Emily Mathews Emble bee I am currently an undergrad student in British Columbia Canada.
Im studying History and Art History in addition to studying the Japanese language.
Last Fall/Winter 2007-2008 I won a scholarship through my school to go on a 4 month exchange in Japan.
I will be going to school there and staying with a host family until the scholarship ends in February in which I will then go off on my merry way traveling as much as possible before I return to school....
full info blog=332610 blogger=83677 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Japan Â» Aichi Â» Anjo Â» Blogs Â» more updating Tot 3.017s Tpl 0.026s cc 10 qc 45 dbt 0.067s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Emily Mathews Emble bee - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 909 ttl 3600 left 2691 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
