menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Monistrol de Montserrat » Blogs » Funiculars Rocky Protruberances and Mag Funiculars Rocky Protruberances and Magnums « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Monistrol de Montserrat May 14th 2010 Published May 14th 2010Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 Clarification Cable car A brief update in summary as I dont think anyone will read this anyway.
Yesterday - Montserrat an abbey up amongst some remarkable rocky protruberances - I cunningly bought a multi-ticket which let me onto the train a cable car and funicular thus making up for Wednesdays funicular disappointment.
- The cable car was ace.
- I ate horrible food in a horrible big buffet and there were loads of old ladies with red labels on their lapels who also ate the horrible food.
I had a magnum even though it was cool up in those mountains - the magnum intake on this trip has been steady.
- Rocky Outcrops are now superceded by these fantastic protruberances.
I climbed up a few having taken the Funicular up to the nearly top.
The sun came out and I played my ukulele overlooking a valley.
All rather nice.
- Went back down to the horrible big buffet for a well earned beer had scaled slim steep steps and clambered hither and thither all afternoon therefore beer was much deserved.
- Last night I had a couple of glasses of wine and some more potatoes in a Cable car coming the other way tapas bar and played my ukulele so as to disrupt the snogging couple nearby.
They didnt seem to notice.
Meanwhile nearby a Dutchman had his camera stolen.
- Today it pissed down with rain in the morning.
By lunch the sun was out.
Meanwhile Id hit the Funicular up to Montjuic with the aim of escaping the rain and slipping into to the Joan Miro Foundation gallery I havent done any culture yet.
Unfortunately 14000 other people had had the same idea and there was a queue going down the road for miles.
I legged it to the top of the hill to get away from the queue and also because I like being at the top of hills.
- I saw the cable car and having thoroughly enjoyed yesterdays cable car I thought Id take a ride.
I even got a car all to myself.
Wish Id brought my uke - would have made an excellent youtube video.
Oh well.
- I thought the cable car would take me all the way to the port.
But in fact thats a whole different cable car and they dont link up.
Shame.
- Had an omlette Montserrat in the touristic but pleasantly sunny Reial square.
Walked from there to the port and all the way up to the big glass building with the W on it at the end of the harbour.
It was ace - lots of ominous clouds nice photo opportunities to boot.
I even found 3 stones.
- Walked back into town past the Picasso Museum also huge queue including an ambulance though I dont think it was queueing just resuscitating fallen queuers.
I just made a short cut straight into the gallery shop avoiding entirely the tiresome looking at pictures bit and bought some nice postcards which I can look at in my own good time.
Im now awaiting my clubclass night train ride home.
Havent even started on my whisky yet so Ive got that all to look forward to.
Perhaps Ill have some patatas bravas on the way to the station.
Cx « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 15 Displayed 15 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Clare Clarification This is all about my travels on trains and the odd boat and bus through Europe with my ukulele...
night train episodes Rocky outcrop serenades hip flask fueled antics invisible ICE trains ukulele cabaret appearances funiculars and linguistic prowess.
The lone traveller tells her tales from France Italy Hungary Germany Finland Sweden and Norway....
full info Joined August 3rd 2009 Trips 1 Last Login June 10th 2012 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 42 Guestbook 114 Photos 307 Forum Posts 0 blog=497659 blogger=130974 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=497659 blogger=130974 Advertisement Trips Scandinavia - August 2010 August 4th 2010 -» August 21st 2010 Rocky Protruberances If you look closely in fact the one on the left is a monkey and the one on the right is an elephant.
Valley view steep steps I overtook this Japanese woman who was clearly struggling.
She did make it back safely.
Me and my beer An organ for everyone Made me think of my harmonium...
Montserrat You can just about see the abbey right up at the top.
Barcelona Just a nicely lit courtyard.
Me in my cable car The Harbour Ominous cloudy view The Port The Trenhotel Ready to depart from Barcelona Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Monistrol de Montserrat » Blogs » Funiculars Rocky Protruberances and Mag Tot 3.223s Tpl 0.03s cc 10 qc 48 dbt 0.0376s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Clare Clarification - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
