menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Blue Mountains » Blogs » Days 9 to 13 end of our road trip from Days 9 to 13 end of our road trip from Cairns to Sydney - 3350kms overall « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Blue Mountains November 27th 2018 Published November 28th 2018Edit Blog Post voyageofalifetime The sun rising on the Blue Mountains Blackheath Day 9 Glasshouse Mountains/Gold Coast 150kms On the morning of Day 9 Shaun woke up early to meet Douwe and climb Mount Beerwah.
It was a very challenging climb but they had lots of fun! After their hike Shaun had a shower in our AirBnB and we left for the Gold Coast.
We had planned to have dinner with Ria a lovely retired woman one of our first hosts in Australia with whom we stayed for almost a month when we arrived! We stayed in a different AirBnB and Shaun was very annoyed at our host who was very racist and just kept making inappropriate comments.
We left to have dinner with Ria and her daughter Cassie who was 8 months pregnant! We had a very nice time together.
Day 10 Gold Coast/Coffs Harbour 320kms On the next day we drove to Coffs Harbour.
We left the state of Queensland for New South Wales driving past Newcastle and suburbs named after Welsh cities such as Cardiff.
On our drive a stone flew to our windscreen creating an impact and later on a big crack.
Luckily we had paid to have our excess reduced to zero so we didn’t pay anything.
Blue Mountains We had a fish and chips and nice little walk on Coffs Harbour - and even a lovely ice cream afterwards! Then we drove to our accommodation we stayed in a self-sufficiency farm! That was an interesting experience! Everything is recycled and I think that apart from gas used for the stove and the oven the house was indeed self-sufficient thanks to rainwater and solar panels.
The disgusting part of course was the toilet which was basically two holes I’m sure you can guess what they were for and the up keeping/cleaning wasn’t done properly because it stunk terribly the whole time.
We cooked a meal exclusively with the produce from the farm an omelet with duck and chicken eggs and all the vegetables from the garden.
Shaun went to buy some food he needs his bacon! at the closest supermarket - which wasn’t so close while I walked in the garden with our host Christina and she explained me lots about her farm.
The cute thing was the pets there were three cats and two dogs so both Shaun and I were happy! Shaun spent time playing with the dog who was a mixed breed and had some dingo Walk on Rodriguez Pass Blackheath blood! and I spent time cuddling with the cats.
One of the cats actually slept on our bed which turned out to be a mistake as it probably had ticks and Shaun ended up with a tick in his neck.
Taking it off of him at 4am when he realized was not a nice experience! Day 11 Coffs Harbour/Blue Mountains 530kms After our night at the farm we drank a quick coffee and went on our way to the Blue Mountains! It was a long drive and the traffic was bad and we didn’t arrive until the evening.
We met with Douwe and the three of us stayed in a YHA hostel in Katoomba.
After making dinner we went for a walk to see sunset at the lookout in town.
We were a bit late as the sun had already started to set but the view of the Three Sisters three big rock formations and the Blue Mountains was beautiful.
We had an early night.
On the next day the guys had decided to do a hike that was deemed dangerous by some of the hostel staff and I decided not to do it.
Shaun realized that night that Sun setting on the Three Sisters we were supposed to give the car back the next morning...
it wasn’t a problem as the rental company had said we could keep it for longer but still it reflects badly on our ability to follow the days of the calendar! Day 12 Blue Mountains After giving the rental company a call Douwe and Shaun left around 9.30 and stopped next door at the police station to grab a police beacon as advised by the hostel staff.
They then drove to Blackheath and started their walk from Evans lookout around the canyon via Rodriquez pass.
I was a bit worried because of what the hostel staff told us but when they came back at around 5pm they said the hike was easy not dangerous at all and that there was no way they could have gotten lost.
It had been a long hike though as they had walked for more than 20kms through the forest.
They were exhausted but they had fun! After they had a well deserved shower we went to a little bar restaurant called Station to get some nice pizzas.
The restaurant was very busy and loud but the pizzas were nice.
Day 13 Blue Mountains/Sydney 70kms The next morning Shaun and I left early to see a nice lookout in Blackheath before starting our drive to Sydney.
We had to give our car back at 10am and we arrived just on time! After sorting out the car and filling an accident report for the windscreen we walked to our hostel.
We stayed in a YHA again.
We went for a walk in Darling Harbour and had lunch in the Eating World food court in Chinatown.
When we came back to the hostel Douwe had arrived.
I felt a bit under the weather so I had a nap while the guys walked around Sydney and Shaun asked for bus passes in New Zealand.
Douwe Shaun and I had dinner at the hostel Shaun and I had leftovers from our lunch in Chinatown and went for an evening stroll to see a lookout point on the famous Opera House.
It was a longer walk than expected but the view on the city and the Opera House was worth it! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Voyage-of-a-lifetime voyageofalifetime Who are we? / Qui sommes-nous? English version Im Laurine and I’m in charge of the writing! When I was 20 I decided to leave my native country France to live in England where I met the man of my life he’s in charge of taking pictures!.
His name is Shaun hes English and hes always wanted to live life on the edge! So we started planning the trip of our lives quit our jobs and bought backpacks.
This blog is intended for family and friends hence the use of both French and English.
I do apologise if all articles are not available in English but our dear friend Google Translate...
full info Joined August 18th 2017 Trips 0 Last Login April 29th 2019 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 71 Guestbook 3 Photos 214 Forum Posts 0 blog=1027894 blogger=374687 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1027894 blogger=374687 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Blue Mountains » Blogs » Days 9 to 13 end of our road trip from Tot 1.461s Tpl 0.016s cc 15 qc 45 dbt 0.0107s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Voyage-of-a-lifetime voyageofalifetime - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306049 age 104 ttl 3600 left 3496 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
