menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Abu Dhabi » Jebel Dhanna » Blogs » Day 29 & 30 Stragglers leaving and goin Day 29 & 30 Stragglers leaving and going home « Previous Entry Next Entry » Vietnam Advertisement Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Abu Dhabi » Jebel Dhanna August 19th 2012 Published August 19th 2012Edit Blog Post Lesley2912 Day 29 - final day and home I shared my first and final night with the lovely Renske.
I had qUnite a good nights sleep but was dreaming about the weight of my backpack and will it make it onto the plane! Maybe it was more of a nightmare..lol.
In my dream it made it so I am hopeful! This morning after breakfast Renske and I said goodbye to Jess.
Now just me and Renske left.
I leave at 12.00 lunchtime for Hanoi airport.
I have come out for a final iced coffee at my favourite coffee bar.
I walked in circles for an hour and a half but couldnt find it! After the amount of times I have been there I am disappointed in my self.
I finally gave up and came to Le Pub! ......
LOL Unbelievable.....
I even got lost coming back from Le Pub to the hotel.......I think I am having a senior moment or two today! I had to get a tourist information person to do me a map! And thats after 4 weeks of doing the walk regularly!! It is 13.35 Vietnam time.
I am sat in Hanoi airport.
My flight leaves at 16.05 so I do have a bit of a wait.
I have just spent the last of my dong on water and nibbles for the journey more peanut and sesame brittle and I finally got a pack of the crisps that Nadia has been enjoying for the last four weeks.
I was soooooo happy with the check in.
My dream was spot on.
My bag weighed in at 18.5 kg....yayyyyyy.
I was worried about that but trusted my dream! The second bonus is that she has sent my luggage through to Manchester as high priority so that I dont have to wait at the end.
I am enjoying the air con as the humidity is really high today.
First flight delayed by half an hour.
It seemed like such a long wait in the airport.
Flight only one and a half hours soon over! When I arrived in Bangkok there was a man waiting to rush us through to the connecting flight due to the delay so we were rushed straight through and more or less straight onto the flight to Abu Dhabi.
It is 4am Vietnam time but only 1am Abu Dhabi time as the clocks have now gone back 3 hours! Waiting to board the final flight to Manchester.
I am starting to feel it now so will probably sleep through the next flight.
Mark has sent messages to confirm that he will be at Manchester so it looks like I will get home in one piece.
I think i am nearly all blogged out.
I am busy writing my final summary for something to do whilst waiting which will be my final blog.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Lesley-Ann Knight Lesley2912 As always.......Looking forward to another trip! Take my advice....if you want to see Vietnam in the best way possible look at days 11 to 16 in Vietnam to Cambodia tour 2015....
Use Easy riders for the best experience.
http//www.easy-riders.net/...
full info blog=738144 blogger=244962 Top Photos Blog Map Trips 7 Print Version Travel Blog » Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Abu Dhabi » Jebel Dhanna » Blogs » Day 29 & 30 Stragglers leaving and goin Tot 0.38s Tpl 0.223s cc 12 qc 28 dbt 0.1164s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Lesley-Ann Knight Lesley2912 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306048 age 2886 ttl 3600 left 714 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
