menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » New Year Blue Mountains and Bellingen New Year Blue Mountains and Bellingen « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen January 8th 2009 Published January 8th 2009Edit Blog Post Jo on an adventure Fireworks! PHOTOS - now uploaded...
Along with several thousand other people I watched the Sydney fireworks on New Years Eve.
We were at a great spot not too heaving because its a bit hidden away and not many people know about it - and while you cant see the opera house we had a wonderful view of the bridge and obviously the massive fireworks overhead.
Plus we didnt have to sit there all day - I turned up at 6 and there werent many people there at all - and could have our own civilised picnic with a nice bottle of bubbly or two.
I have heard stories of 2 hour queues to get into the Botanical gardens at noon and you also cant take your own alcohol or any glass in.
Although because Martin wasnt sure about the glass rule where we were hed decanted some lovely champagne into a plastic water bottle which very classy...
There is a shorter display at 9pm for the kids although as far as I could tell alot of them seemed to hang around for midnight anyway and these were pretty good themselves.
Then at midnight the real thing started and it was fantastic.
Ill NYE in Sydney The sunset as we waited for midnight...
upload a couple of photos which wont do it justice.
Mum and dad were sharing the experience with me watching the live coverage on Sky news.
Its slightly odd though because theres no countdown and it feels like youre waiting for the fireworks rather than the new year.
On New Years Day after doing a bit of life admin I strolled down to the Botanical gardens myself as I hadnt yet been to Mrs Macquaries point - amazingly there was hardly any debris.
Whilst I was there I managed to get bitten by something on my wrist - I didnt see what it was and it was a painful nip so of course in the first couple of minutes I was thinking redback.
But when I hadnt collapsed 2 minutes later I figured I was probably OK.
Whatever it was my arm swelled up a fair bit and hasnt yet totally recovered.
Evil critters in Australia.
So then I had 3 wonderful days in the Blue Mountains - so named because they are supposed to have a blue-ish hue due to the thousands and thousands of eucalypts which affect the particles in the atmosphere.
They didnt look very blue to Sydney harbour The excitement builds as the party boats glide past me.
However it is a stunning area.
I stayed in a great hostel in Katoomba a 25 minutes walk from the popular Echo falls lookout where you can see the Three Sisters.
This was great and I had a lovely walk the first day but the next couple of days involved some proper hiking up and down mountain cliffs and through rainforests - firstly near the Wentworth Falls and then the Grand Canyon in Blackheath.
Some beautiful sights interesting walking and enough uphill to make you feel youd really earned that hot shower nice cup of tea and something chocolate-based Incidentally I have been introduced to an Aussie treat known as Jaffas - orangey chocolatey crunchy things - I think I might be addicted.
My companions during these walks were various people from the hostel.
Its good to walk with other people obviously for the fun side of getting to know people - but there are a couple of spots where one can go the wrong way if one is not careful.
And I didnt want to do that again! I had a final day back in Sydney where I caught up with the Irish girls I met in South Martin and me Trying a self-portrait Africa and had a nice glass of wine in Hyde Park with Martin before finally saying farewell.
Then yesterday it was time to get back on the Greyhound my old friend from the west coast for a 9 hour trip up to Bellingen a very small town about halfway between Sydney and Brisbane.
Its a very different place to what Ive been used to in Oz - an old hippy town really although more city influences have come in in recent decades.
It is also the home to David Helfgott the Australian concert pianist with the Schizoaffective disorder whose life inspired the film Shine.
I shall look out for him when I go grocery shopping and tell him how much I helped increase his royalties when I was at Classic.
The hostel has lovely mountain views and a river running past it and is a wonderfully easy place to relax - I had been intending on doing a big walk here tomorrow but I think stopping and doing nothing for a couple of days is probably what the doctor ordered after a social couple of weeks in Sydney.
There are also thousands of fruit bats living in the trees over Martin and me Thats better the river - and at 8ish every night they take to the skies over the hostel - its an amazing if slightly scary sight! Also as we are much more in the bush here Im trying not to think about the possible proximity of funnel-web spiders.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 14 Displayed 14 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Joanna Wilson Jo on an adventure Im taking what they call a career break and travelling round the world some of it anyway.
Follow my progress here!...
full info Joined September 11th 2008 Trips 0 Last Login September 27th 2019 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 1 Blogs 27 Guestbook 11 Photos 317 Forum Posts 4 blog=361296 blogger=91188 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=361296 blogger=91188 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history From the bridge More merriment at Adam and Deans The Three Sisters At the Echo Point lookout Blue Mountains Near the start of the Wentworth falls walk.
We went all the way down into the forest and back up again.
Wentworth falls Blue Mountains More ladders! However these were alot more sturdy than in the Drakensburg.
Grand Canyon walk Taking a breather Grand Canyon walk In the depths of the forest.
Bellingen lodge Some of the 50000 fruit bats that fly over the hostel every evening.
Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » New Year Blue Mountains and Bellingen Tot 3.106s Tpl 0.05s cc 7 qc 44 dbt 0.0823s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Joanna Wilson Jo on an adventure - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2891 ttl 3600 left 709 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
