menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Bangkok » Blogs » Bangkok has gone to the Dogs Bangkok has gone to the Dogs Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Bangkok April 15th 2020 Published April 15th 2020Edit Blog Post Trev the Travelling Kiwi Unknown-2.
Truelove @Neverland If Dogs make you all warm and fuzzy inside Bangkok is the closest to heaven you’ll ever get.
Add free Cheesecake Coffee and all the puppies you can carry and chances are you’ve transcended beyond heaven right into the pearly gates of Thailand’s Dog Cafes.
Canine Cafes are the best kept secret around these parts.
Bangkok alone has 4 of the biggest in Thailand all a short Tuktuk ride away from the next great for a Pup-Crawl.
Dog cafes around Thailand are popular and quickly expanding it’s hard to keep up with the trend and with every year comes a new café and a new theme…so to save you the hassle of scouring every café I’ve gone and visited all of them tough job I know.
This Husky themed café is by far the most popular with Tourists and locals alike.
With viral online videos a booming social media and an Instagram that just won’t quit TrueLove Café is no doubt the first stop for every dog lover.
TrueLove at Neverland Café Price 350 baht 18 NZD Getting there A short 40 Baht Taxi from Ari Station or 30 min walk Food Free Ice-cream Cake and drink HOPS- House of Paws on arrival.
Quality Thai milk tea.
Bring A good camera slo-mo setting a must Passport and wallet.
Note R 15 Café.
15-18 year olds must bring a passport.
These pups aren’t always the most social they’re often tired and hot.
One of the newest to the Dog Café scene Opening early 2019 but already boasting a collection of viral videos a booming social media and 13 of Thailands cutest Welsh Pembroke and Cardigan Corgis.
Corgi in the Garden is quickly becoming the number-one Dog Café destination in Bangkok.
Corgi in the Garden Price 250 Baht 13 NZD Getting there 10 min Taxi from Bang Wa BTS Food Refreshing Peach Sweet tea Dog food for an extra 100 Baht Bring A map this place is a real hidden treasure!.
A camera Wallet and water.
Note Use your bought dog-food sparingly! They’ll be your best friend but only if you feed them.
Not only does this Café have the most dogs out of any other café but it’s also the place to be if you’re searching for the biggest of the big.
Big Dog Cafe Boasting an arsenal of Malamutes Tibetan Mastiffs Newfoundlands Great Danes and Wolfhounds It’s no wonder how this Café got its name.
Big Dog Café Price200 baht 10 NZD Getting there Huai Kwang A short 1 minute walk from the Thailand Cultural Centre MRT Food Not only are the dogs big you’ll find hearty servings of fried rice Morning Glory and Pad-Thai here too.
Bring A lot of water camera with a good Slo-mo setting.
Note It’s no walk in the park This area is un-air conditioned Bring water to stay hydrated Breeds are brought out in waves so seeing each one may take time! A mixed bag has its perks when it comes to Dog cafes.
Like a box of Favourites House of Paws Café has something for everyone.
A smaller café with more affectionate dogs of all shapes and sizes you’ll be sure to find your next best friend in no time with little effort.
HOPS House of Paws Price 300 Baht 15 NZD Getting there A short 3 minute walk from the Siam Square Mall Food Complimentary cake and Drink what’s not to love? Bring Clothing suited for Corgi Garden Cafe comfortable sitting camera.
Note A little food goes a long way here keep dog food out of reach from unsuspecting sneaks Around the Corner and down the road is an honourable mention.
This café has taken the idea of an interactive domestic café and flipped it on its head.
Meerkats RacoonsRed Foxes Muchkin cats Fennex foxes and Snowfoxes like the name insists You’re not in just any ol’ café you’re in an interactive zoo.
Little Zoo Café Price 120 baht 6 NZD Getting there Smack bang in the centre of Siam Square just a short walk from the mall.
Food Your choice of a free ice-cream or souvineer and drink! Can’t turn that down Bring Camera comfortable shoes clothing you can get dirty Note This is one of Thailands most controversial Café’s from concerns over the wellbeing of un-domesticated animals.
Though it may be cool to interact with a wild animal it’s also an eye opener as to why they should remain wild.
Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 5 Displayed 5 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Dan Simmonds Trev the Travelling Kiwi Gday Im Trev the Kiwi.
Im not very good at flying but Im one of the best travelers out there! Southeast Asia done...
next stop New Zealand!...
full info Joined April 15th 2020 Trips 0 Last Login April 27th 2020 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 4 Guestbook 3 Photos 13 Forum Posts 0 blog=1050255 blogger=400726 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1050255 blogger=400726 Advertisement Brief history of Thailand A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
Known as Siam until 1939 Thailand is the only Southeast Asian country never to have been taken over by a European power.
A bloodless revolution in 1932 led to a constitutional monarchy....more history Little Zoo Cafe Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Bangkok » Blogs » Bangkok has gone to the Dogs Tot 3.211s Tpl 0.022s cc 18 qc 35 dbt 0.0593s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Dan Simmonds Trev the Travelling Kiwi - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 909 ttl 3600 left 2691 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
