menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Monistrol de Montserrat » Blogs » Monserrat Monserrat « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Monistrol de Montserrat June 10th 2010 Published August 1st 2010Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 La Seu - Colbato Berb Photo 5 Cant believe this is our last day in Spain even two weeks is not enough...guess well have to get Lynn to write another book needing research of more areas of Spain.
The parador ended up being more reasonable than I expected...the included breakfast was fantastic.
That should hold us over for the whole day.
Just simply driving is enjoyable.
Villages on many hilltops.
Almost got stopped by police again for crossing a solid white line.
I quickly pulled out the camera and took pictures of them so that they would see it was another tourist.
I couldnt resist the pictures of the villages and castles on the mountain and hill tops.
We drove up to what looked like a castle and found it was a parador in Cardona.
I was feeling like I made a mistake and should have stayed here...it was amazing.
But then again you were totally isolated from the village below so mybe it wasnt such a good idea but this was a beautiful place to stay.
Now it was on to Montserrat.
It was a crazy drive to the top of the mountain.
I was not prepared for the people when we got to Photo 2 the top...bus load after bus load.
Man am I glad I ended up not staying at the hotel on site.
i ended up getting one closer to the expressway as im concerned about the drive to the airport in the morning.
in any event we got parked and found out that the Boys Choir would be performing in about 15 minutes.
We literally ran the entire way and just barely got into the church as they began to sing.
I was able to get a video of the performance which seemed to only last about 10 minutes.
Glad we didnt get there earlier and sat way at the front.
The weird rock formations are really quite impressive and can see why it is such an attraction.
We then drove to Collbato which is literally around to the other side of Montserrat.
Our hotel was quite nice and with an outdoor and indoor restaurant attached.
We walked the entire town down the hillside to the small local church and playground then up the mountain to the Salnitre Caves.
Of course they were closed but it was a great hike.
Signs indicated the trail continued beyond the caves without the Photo 3 handrails around the mountain to where we had been earlier at Monestir de Montserrat...now that would be a hike.
Perfect...Collbato has an entrance to the expressway.
We got to bed in good time.
Im a little unnerved by our car being locked inside the fence for security.
No one speaks English and we want to get the car out at 6...gates typically open at 700.
Just hope our communication was sufficient.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 25 Displayed 23 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Steve Berberich Berb Married to Ruth three daughters four grandchildren retired architect.
Enjoy about anything outdoors...gardening camping canoeing sea-kayaking wood turning bee keeper and of course traveling.
Ruth has recently retired from public school teaching career so we are looking to travel as our full-time avocation.
...
full info Joined February 27th 2007 Trips 2 Last Login December 2nd 2018 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 114 Guestbook 39 Photos 2078 Forum Posts 7 blog=509025 blogger=33204 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=509025 blogger=33204 Advertisement Photo 4 One picture postcard after another Photo 9 Dont cross the solid white Photo 10 Parador Cardona Cardona Photo 13 tasty morsel boys choir Basilica at Montserrat Basilica and weird rock pillars Other side from photo 19 View from Montserrat Collbato cafe to ourselves Photo 19 Salnitre Caves - closed of course Photo 21 Hiking trail ..this way to Monestir de Montserrat Wildflowers where ever we go Photo 25 Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Monistrol de Montserrat » Blogs » Monserrat Tot 3.179s Tpl 0.035s cc 14 qc 56 dbt 0.1593s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Steve Berberich Berb - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2882 ttl 3600 left 718 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
