menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama » Blogs » Inuyama Castle Festival Inuyama Castle Festival « Previous Entry Next Entry » Japan in cherry blossom season Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama April 3rd 2016 Published April 3rd 2016Edit Blog Post PurpleDeborah Despite my ferocious planning of our trip I know there are times when serendipity delivers the best experiences.
Today was one such occasion and what a fabulous experience it was.
We only heard about the Inuyama Castle Festival when chatting to another tourist in a queue at the airport.
When we checked our itinerary we discovered we would be only an hour away the weekend it is held so this morning we took the train from Kyoto to Nagoya and on to Inuyama castle.
We had a small mishap en route we were briefly separated when train doors closed on us and I had to get off at the next station and backtrack to retrieve Danny! The festival was a something we will remember all our lives with the colour and vitality that seems to be right out of the pages of National Geographic.
Its a small town and the festival attendees are 90% locals so we really felt embedded in the culture.
Celebrating spring and perfectly timed for the full flowering of magnificent avenues of cherry blossoms the festival dates from the 1600s and the castle around which it is set is the oldest extant castle in Japan.
Its signature is 13 impressive floats each 3 stories high and topped with mechanical puppets sometimes described as Edo-era robots.
The puppets perform at the shrine and then the floats are paraded down the streets of the old town.
They are extremely heavy with rigid axels and the technology reminded me of pictures of the Trojan horse.
It takes at least a dozen young men to pull them and about 40 when they need to turn a corner.
As well as the puppets there are musicians on board and lots of gorgeously-dressed children in traditional costumes drumming and shouting chants which reminded us of Netzer ruach.
Each float represents a different area of the town and theres a good-natured competition as to whose float has the finest decorations and whose puppets perform the best show.
Another element was a parade from the shrine which featured young men in white carrying a gilt portable shrine and older men wearing grey costumes and funny flat bamboo hats.
A friendly local told us the men in the parade are aged 25 42 and 61 ages regarded as risky in Shinto.
They receive a special blessing at the shrine and we watched them being photographed as a group before settling out on their parade.
The castle itself is both attractive and impressive all the more so because we had learned our Japanese history.
It was built in 1537 by an uncle of Odo Nobunaga - the first great unifier of Japan and subsequently occupied by Toyotomi Hideyoshi the second great unifier.
Its now state-owned and a national treasure.
We went up the keep - the stairs are incredibly steep almost like climbing a ladder but the view from the top over the courtyard of cherry blossoms is magnificent.
In the evenings the floats are usually adorned with 365 lanterns apiece which we were looking forward to seeing but unfortunately the lantern parade was cancelled due to forecast rain which didnt eventuate.
The whole atmosphere of the day was delightful - traditional but relaxed family-oriented and celebratory a bit like Simchat Torah crossed with the Santa Parade and topped with cherry blossom.
.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 6 Displayed 6 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Deborah Stone PurpleDeborah Joined August 3rd 2014 Trips 3 Last Login October 2nd 2019 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 59 Guestbook 17 Photos 185 Forum Posts 0 blog=926567 blogger=297108 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=926567 blogger=297108 Advertisement Trips England and Spain August 3rd 2014 -» September 14th 2014 Japan in cherry blossom season March 25th 2016 -» April 16th 2016 Peru August 20th 2019 -» September 9th 2019 3rd April 2016 Zoe non-member comment Wow How beautiful- This sounds like an awesome day Deborah!.
Thanks for sharing your wonderful pictures and words! Xx Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama » Blogs » Inuyama Castle Festival Tot 3.003s Tpl 0.044s cc 13 qc 59 dbt 0.0421s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Deborah Stone PurpleDeborah - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 909 ttl 3600 left 2691 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
