menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Chanthaburi Â» Blogs Â» The way back The way back Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Thailand travels Advertisement Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Chanthaburi December 6th 2017 Published December 6th 2017Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 The route back groteboze The front of the Suvarnabhumi airport in BKK The road back is a long one.
I made my way to krabi Airport by scooter then minivan after I turned it in.
Had a good flight to Bangkok and found my way to the city link rail.
I had booked a hostel in the new city center.
After walking the final kilometer I found these luxurious beds pic.
I checked out the city at night and I must say I like it better than the previous time.
The hustle and bustle is a little more..
Sedated.
Theres night markets.
The smog is not nearly as bad.
The pretty lights give the city a new and interesting perspective.
I followed the largest road in the world for quite a bit and returned by skytrain.
The street is full of small stands but also ginormous shopping malls and plazas.
A few buildings had impressive names on the walls with expensive cars in the parking lot.
Christmas music bares from speakers that are cleverly hidden throughout the area.
The hedge is dressed better than most Christmas trees I know..
Next day shopping.
I wont bore you with the details but I found that the enormous pratunam market that I Theres 10 or so baggage belts here.
Its huge! planned my hostel close to was mostly a clothing thing and didnt have much to bring home.
I read up on markets again.
Most of them are night markets but theres a few others.
Chatanuk market is the biggest market in the world but its a weekend market.
The internet says theres a smaller market on weekdays too so..
Lets see.
It took me another ride on the sky train and a long walk to find out they only sell flowers /.
But theres 3 buildings nearby that are supposed to have stalls indoor.
First one.
Only furniture and decorations.
Second one.
3 or 4 floors with all kinds of junk.
Upscale antiques to aquaria.
Took an hour found nothing of interest.Third one.
Same thing but bigger.
Only one floor though.
Got a few knick-nacks because I was running out of time.
Found one more market close by and walked there.
This is a good time to mention how much time it costs to get to places.
Just crossing the street requires you to find a stairs and walkway or when available wait a couple of minutes at a traffic light for both sides of the road.
I spent Bangkok at night Sukhomvit road 45 minutes Getting from where I was just before a T-junction on the left side to the far side of the horizontal part of the T because I thought I had to cross it from the right side of the road instead of the left and had to double back.
Incidentally it was a food market.
Bought a ticket to the metro to get to another shopping location.
Got out walked around.
Turns out this is also a night Market and theres nothing during the day.
Onwards! My final destination was a the BKS center.
An huge indoor shopping mall with several floors not too far from my hostel.
It has crafts clothing electronics food banks you name it.
I finally found what I was looking for an hurried back to the hostel to pick up my backpack and on to the rail link train.
I added a map with my travels trough Bangkok as part of the whole way back to amsterdam.
The airport gave me some trouble.
I was all standing ready for the security theater show when they would not allow my powerbank 50k mAh listed.
Theres a One of those big name buildings with the cars and the dressed up hedge local policy stating you cant bring one over 32.
Im pretty sure it wont even get to half that when I bought it and after 5 years I think it goes with half of that.
But yeah no arguing with airport officials..
If you were wondering.
On the flight in it was on my backpack in checked luggage.
Had totally forgotten about it actually.
There was some sign saying powerbanks should be in you cabin luggage so I thought Id oblige this time...
Sigh.
Next problem was a little slip of paper they added to my passport on the way here.
I was supposed to fill it out but hadnt.
The customs official sent me away instead of borrowing me a pencil so I could do the 5 lines of data while he worked with the next person.
A little less zen than when I started got in line a second time and had no trouble getting trough.
I write this from gate 47 in Hong Kong where I still have to wait 1h30 for the gate to open.
I expect no further events of note so unless I feel really inspired or get some nice photos Another one from others to share I guess I call this the final chapter ð?˜? Thanks for your attention and see you ..
Places ð?˜? Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Additional photos below Photos 14 Displayed 14 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 3 Message Roel groteboze Joined November 5th 2017 Trips 2 Last Login January 11th 2020 Followers 3 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 55 Guestbook 4 Photos 714 Forum Posts 0 blog=1005759 blogger=377800 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=1005759 blogger=377800 Advertisement Brief history of Thailand A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
Known as Siam until 1939 Thailand is the only Southeast Asian country never to have been taken over by a European power.
A bloodless revolution in 1932 led to a constitutional monarchy....more history Trips Thailand travels November 6th 2017 -Â» December 7th 2017 The heights and lows of Nepal October 3rd 2018 -Â» October 26th 2018 Christmas for the rich~! More pwetty lights The neon night Market in BKK Nice architecture A shortcut A big building close to my hostel The only photo where you can see how I look in BKK *very stealtily* The view from my final rail station in Bangkok Sunset when the plane got up Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Chanthaburi Â» Blogs Â» The way back Tot 3.285s Tpl 0.158s cc 7 qc 48 dbt 0.1712s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Roel groteboze - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2891 ttl 3600 left 709 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
