menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Armidale » Blogs » Nimbin/Casino/Tenterfield/Armidale Nimbin/Casino/Tenterfield/Armidale « Previous Entry Next Entry » Australia for starters Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Armidale November 17th 2012 Published November 17th 2012Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 Kruizing Kiwiz King Parrot Bald Ridge National Park Our travels today took us to Nimbin a town made famous in the 60’s and 70’s where the hippies moved to.
It still has a lot of alternative lifestylers there selling pottery and organic food etc.
with long haired weirdo’s walking around in bare feet trying to look cool! The hemp cafe stunk of weed when we walked past! Pete was even asked if he would like to buy a joint! Next stop was a Sunday market selling much of the same thing.
Best part of the day was travelling through some beautiful countryside which looked so green after the last two rainy days.
The town of Lismore was our stop yesterday.
A quiet place but with plenty of shops airport and a shopping mall.
Bought a new Navman GPS as we were unable to update our old one.
Still the same old voice but she is now a lot smarter and has not instructed us to go in the wrong direction once today.
We also purchased a wireless tyre pressure monitor unit to automatically check all the 6 wheels on the RV whilst travelling on the road.
We have had a couple of faulty valves recently causing the tyres Huge rocks to pass through Bald Rock Nat.
Park to leak air so this little device with the not so little price tag I may add will hopefully alert us to any problems in the future.
Third acquirement was a CB radio and aerial so that when those big road trains are heading towards us then we will know way before we see them! Also if we do break down then hopefully we will be able to contact someone.
Last week an experienced park ranger died in the outbacks when he got bogged.
He strangely enough decided to walk out but did not make it! Off tramping in a couple of National parks tomorrow as the weather is now hot and sunny once more.
Bad start to the day as we had a flat tyre! Fortunately we were camped in a little one horse town that at least had a garage so were able to get some help.
The instructions to take off the spare wheel located under the RV were incorrect so Pete spent a frustrating amount of wasted time before the mechanic arrived.
We are now confident that should it happen again it hopefully will not be too much of a headache.
It could have been Boulders on Bald Rock track Bald Rock Nat.
Park a lot worse as it could have happened where we are tonight which is in the middle of a national park and a long way from a garage so all turned out well in the end.
The bird life is amazing here as they are used to campers feeding them tit bits and even pinch food if they can get away with it.
There are lots of Kookaburras and bright red crimson parrots.
Tomorrow we are going to climb Bald Rock Australia’s biggest granite monolith! Sounds impressive but it is only a 2 hour return walk! Well the walk was amazing and the granite boulders on top of the rock seemed to be so precariously balanced on the edge like huge marbles waiting to be rolled! Now currently in Armidale a really interesting town with impressive old buildings and even a university.
We went on a 3 hour free trip on a small bus along with 12 others courtesy of the local council around the city which was very informative.
The free nearyby campsite we are at by a dam is lovely and we have had enjoyed some great happy hours with the folks next door.
Visited an Bald Rock track on way down! Bald Rock Nat.
Park amazing old 30 room homestead that was gifted to the National Trust in 1984.
No one in the family wanted to take over the mammoth task involved in the restoration and upkeep so now it is open to the public.
The old lady the last of the owner’s daughters did absolutely nothing to it from 1970 when it was left to her and all the furniture carpet wallpaper is the original stuff.
The guided tour was so interesting and to top it off we enjoyed Devonshire tea with scones and jam and cream of course in the adjacent cafe! Unfortunately our plan to attend the local rodeo has been put off due to the weather.
We will I am sure come across another one in another town.
Pete wants to see someone being chased by an angry bull or being bucked off a horse! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 9 Displayed 9 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Suzanne Walmsley Kruizing Kiwiz 4 August 2012 - Peter and Suzanne being of the Baby Boomers generation are now setting forth on the next travel phase of our lives.
We met many years ago in Cape Town South Africa Suzanne from Oldham in England and Peter from Cambridge in New Zealand on an overland expedition taking six months to get to London.
A year later we then journeyed from London to Australia overland taking 10 months.
We settled in Rotorua New Zealand had 3 great kids who are now doing their own thing and it is now excitingly time for us to recommence where we left off.
We have with much trepidation on my...
full info Joined July 2nd 2010 Trips 1 Last Login November 6th 2019 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 68 Guestbook 255 Photos 700 Forum Posts 0 blog=756029 blogger=167963 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=756029 blogger=167963 Advertisement Trips Australia for starters August 4th 2012 -» ongoing Celtic Standing Stones Town of Glen Innes Glen Innes Pete attempting to retrieve Xaliburs sword! Historic House Armidale Rare tree that was eaten by dinosaurs! Very rare tree but on the increase.
Another historic house in Armidale Amazing place.
Well worth a visit.
Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Armidale » Blogs » Nimbin/Casino/Tenterfield/Armidale Tot 0.151s Tpl 0.053s cc 12 qc 26 dbt 0.0722s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.2mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Suzanne Walmsley Kruizing Kiwiz - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 906 ttl 3600 left 2694 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
