menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Antarctica » Antarctica » Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station » Blogs » Being blond only gets you so far...
Being blond only gets you so far...
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Antarctica » Antarctica » Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station August 25th 2010 Published August 25th 2010Edit Blog Post ClaireEllie Ellie Despite the fish tank were back at our favourite cafe.
Today we went to Nusa Dua.
Upon arrival we were expecting a line of gleaming five star hotels backing on to a pristine beach.
We were dropped off near a car park some litter and some men on jet-skis shouting water spor? water spor? Oh.
Luckily we werent put off and set off in search of a nicer patch of sand.
It didnt take long to find the row of gleaming hotels we were expecting.
I managed to sweet talk a nice Indonesian man called Davna or something into letting us have a day on the sun loungers at Oasis hotel for only 40 000 rupiah about three quid.
We basked there smugly all day complete with stripy five star towels.
Unfortunately lying about being the occupants of room number 603 after a margherita at The Guruh I had my eye on the pool wasnt quite so successful! One has to try.
Last night we continued our film marathon with Julie and Julia.
Such a funny film - I bought it for 75p if youre interested mum.
Claire That pretty much sums up our day it was good to get out of Kuta and experience a southern beach.
It was a lot quieter than Kuta except it had far more water sports so the engines were pretty loud but far fewer people and we liked to walk up and down the promenade taking a peek at some of the resorts.
They really are beautiful.
I have finally bronzed as we now like to call it which is quite exciting although with interesting tan lines it would have looked odd me coming back paler than when I left! Having experienced Kuta nightlife last week Ellie and I like to eat blog and then head back to the hotel at a very late time of 9 and watch a film...
We do wake up at 7 so I think thats allowed and probably to your relief! We are definitely in holiday mode now very relaxed and just enjoying our time in Bali.
I am also extremely excited about tomorrow.
We leave Kuta at 11am and arrive in Labuan Bajo just after lunch.
This is a fishing town that is the closest point to Komodo.
Weve booked to stay there for 3 nights and Im sure it will be a great trip.
Lots of diving and chasing after dragons ensues.
I wonder what film well watch tonight...! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Claire Petros ClaireEllie Updates on our 2 month Indonesia stint!...
full info blog=526411 blogger=168419 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog » Antarctica » Antarctica » Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station » Blogs » Being blond only gets you so far...
Tot 3.004s Tpl 0.094s cc 12 qc 51 dbt 0.0822s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Claire Petros ClaireEllie - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2897 ttl 3600 left 703 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
