Happening now in France Places to go Things to do Plan your trip Search on France.fr Proposed by Places to go / Normandy / 6 mysteries surrounding Mont-Saint-Michel By Pascale Filliֳ¢tre  Published 22 July 2018 1859 ֲ© L.
Leloup D.
Dumas CRT Normandie ג€” Mont-Saint-Michel and an unmistakeable silhouette you would know among a thousand others.
For 13 centuries this rocky island nestling in the heart of a huge beautiful bay has been home to a magnificent abbey.
Perched at the top of the islet as if levitating the building is like a mirage always a mesmerising sight.
An architectural miracle ֲ© Sabina Lorkin Anibas Photography - CRT Normandie The builders of the Middle Ages surpassed themselves despite the many challenges of the rugged terrain on the island.
First around the year 1000 a pre-Romanesque church was built then in the eleventh century a Romanesque abbey and in the thirteenth century a sublime Gothic elevation known as the Merveille the Wonder.
Comprised of two buildings of three floors as if by a miracle it perches on the slope of the rock crowned by a cloister and large refectory.
From the west forecourt the view over the bay is simply breath taking.
An angel in the sky Une publication partagֳ©e par Montsaintmichel_normandie @montsaintmichel_normandie le 21 Avril 2018 ֳ  2 04 PDT Weighing 820 kilos measuring 3.5 meters the slayer of the dragon of the Apocalypse perches at the tip of the abbeys spire 156 meters above sea level.
Dethroned restored and redeemed in 2016 the Archangel Saint-Michel returned to the summit of Mont-Saint-Michel like a star...
in a helicopter.
Island prospects Une publication partagֳ©e par Montsaintmichel_normandie @montsaintmichel_normandie le 11 Janv.
2017 ֳ  1 37 PST The Benedictine monks of the Middle Ages chose Mont Tombe as it was known for its incomparable location at the base of a bay besieged by the ocean depending on the tides.
But a gradual build up of silt challenged its future as an island.
10 years of gargantuan work has been undertaken begun in 2005 and the construction of a dam which you can visit was essential to preserve its maritime character as home to one of the most extraordinary religious buildings in the world.
A unique show Une publication partagֳ©e par Montsaintmichel_normandie @montsaintmichel_normandie le 7 Avril 2018 ֳ  2 02 PDT The Bay of Mont-Saint-Michel experiences the largest tides in continental Europe an astonishing 15 metres of tidal range may take place.
As soon as the tidal coefficient exceeds 110 Mont-Saint-Michel becomes an island for a few hours providing a unique and glorious show.
The water covers the submersible ford cutting off the mainland and creating the impression the island is floating.
But donג€™t worry thanks to a bridge providing a gateway you can reach the site even during the high tides.
Storming the quicksand Une publication partagֳ©e par Montsaintmichel_normandie @montsaintmichel_normandie le 25 Mai 2018 ֳ  7 07 PDT Walk barefoot on the sand and along the streams and canals of seawater to reach the Merveille...
Crossing the bay in the footsteps of the ancient pilgrims of the Middle Ages is a memorable experience.
And itג€™s a great chance to learn from a guide of the legends and secrets of this special place with its unique ecosystem.
Lamb with an ocean flavour Une publication partagֳ©e par Montsaintmichel_normandie @montsaintmichel_normandie le 2 Mars 2017 ֳ  1 00 PST Itג€™s said that the local grass irrigated with sea water rich in salt and minerals gives a unique taste to the lambs raised on the pastures of Mont-Saint-Michel bay.
These grazers of salt meadows are famous for their incomparable flavour earning them the famed label of AOC.
Thereג€™s no better way to savour the end of a wonderful day climbing the Mont than with a gastronomic meal.
For more information Visit Mont-Saint-Michel External link Prepare your stay in Normandy External link By Pascale Filliֳ¢tre Journalist-traveller.
I often voyage to the end of the world to explore what France offers...
just next door.
filliatre.pascale@orange.fr Mont-Saint-Michel Normandy More ideas Normandy Landmarks Seaside Related articles Cultural rendez-vous 4 virtual visits to explore Normandy Le Havre Caen Rouenג€”Normandy is home to some of Frances most famous cities as well as charmingג€¦ Art ֳ  la franֳ§aise Find out all you need to know about the Normandyג€¦ In 2020 the Normandy Impressionist Festival is on everyones lips its the flagship event of theג€¦ Art and craft Autumn on Normandyג€™s Cider Route In autumn Normandy smells great.
The scent of cider apples and the first wafts from distilleriesג€¦ Unesco world heritage sites Discover a rich heritage along the cycle routeג€¦ The 450-kilometre cycle route which connects Notre-Dame de Paris to the island of Mont Saint-Michelג€¦ Glamour cider and beach Normandy puts on a show at Galeries Lafayette Normandyג€™s iconic heritage has taken up summer residence at Galeries Lafayette in Paris 5 July toג€¦ 4 spots to say ג€˜I love youג€™ Love is in the air in Normandy this summer! Lovers of poetry fantasy nature fresh air flavours and cheerfulness ג€“ basically lovers inג€¦ Related articles Cultural rendez-vous 4 virtual visits to explore Normandy Le Havre Caen Rouenג€”Normandy is home to some of Frances most famous cities as well as charmingג€¦ Art ֳ  la franֳ§aise Find out all you need to know about the Normandyג€¦ In 2020 the Normandy Impressionist Festival is on everyones lips its the flagship event of theג€¦ Art and craft Autumn on Normandyג€™s Cider Route In autumn Normandy smells great.
The scent of cider apples and the first wafts from distilleriesג€¦ Unesco world heritage sites Discover a rich heritage along the cycle routeג€¦ The 450-kilometre cycle route which connects Notre-Dame de Paris to the island of Mont Saint-Michelג€¦ Glamour cider and beach Normandy puts on a show at Galeries Lafayette Normandyג€™s iconic heritage has taken up summer residence at Galeries Lafayette in Paris 5 July toג€¦ 4 spots to say ג€˜I love youג€™ Love is in the air in Normandy this summer! Lovers of poetry fantasy nature fresh air flavours and cheerfulness ג€“ basically lovers inג€¦ Select language Europe Belgique - Franֳ§ais Belgiֳ« - Nederlands Denmark - Dansk Deutschland - Deutsch Espaֳ±a - Espaֳ±ol Italia - Italiano Nederland - Nederlands Norway - Norsk Portugal - Portuguֳ×s Schweiz - Deutsch Suisse - Franֳ§ais Sweden - Svenska United Kingdom - English ֳ–sterreich - Deutsch ׀ ׀¾ׁ?ׁ?׀¸ׁ? - ׀ ׁƒׁ?ׁ?׀÷׀¸׀¹ ASIA Australia - English China - ח®€ה½“ה¸­ז–‡ China - ח¹?י«”ה¸­ז–‡ India - English ז—¥ז?¬ - ז—¥ז?¬ט×? ם•?ךµ­ - ם•?ךµ­ל–´ MIDDLE EAST ״§?„״´״±?‚ ״§?„״£?ˆ״³״· - ״§?„״¹״±״¨??״© America America - Espaֳ±ol Brasil - Portuguֳ×s Canada - English Canada - Franֳ§ais USA - English GLOBAL Global - English Global - Franֳ§ais Follow us Happening now in France Places to go Things to do Plan your trip Useful links Atout France Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs Press Convention Board Air France Visitfrenchwine - The official website for wine tourism in France France.fr ֲ© 2018 - All rights reserved Terms of use Cookies policy Site map Plus darticles End of articles.
