 (Image credit: Level-5) A quaint European village. A charming professor and his precocious young apprentice. A last will and testament that kicks off a wild treasure hunt. This isn’t an Agatha Christie mystery; it’s Professor Layton and the Curious Village. In this adventure/puzzle game, the titular professor and his sidekick, Luke, explore the remote village of St. Mystere, where solving riddle after riddle could make them very rich — or unearth even stranger secrets. The puzzles in this game are all logical and mathematical brain teasers, meaning there’s no “gameplay” required beyond moving from place to place, finding hidden objects and writing in your answers. It’s still a challenging experience with a good old-fashioned mystery at the center. - Marshall Honorof Persona 5 Royal (Image credit: Atlus) The expanded version of a popular and beloved Japanese role playing game, Persona 5 Royal fixes the one problem with the original and adds a lot more content. I'm recommending it to new gamers for a couple of big reasons, starting with the fact that half of the game is a high school life simulator, where you manage your time with friends and teachers and build bonds with the folks in your life. An utterly different kind of gameplay than most might be familiar with, this half of the game is more than fulfilling emotionally, as you better get to know those around you. Those strong bonds and friendships come in handy on the other side of the game, where you and your fellow classmates are invading the minds of corrupt local adults. This is where the game's traditional RPG elements come in, but don't worry about a learning curve. Persona 5 Royal does a fantastic job of holding users' hands as they begin to learn about the game, always giving visual cues to help you find what to do. All the while, Persona 5 Royal's stylish visuals — it's practically dripping with cool — and wonderful soundtrack will have you amazed with how deep this game can get. - Henry T. Casey Portal (Image credit: Valve) Portal is a first-person game where you wield a gun, but it's not violent, and it's not a shooter. Instead, you take control of Chell: a prisoner in a futuristic lab who must run a series of complex — and hilarious — science experiments. Armed with a "portal gun" that shoots blue and orange portals onto any receptive surface, she can transport her way around self-contained puzzle rooms, solving intricate brainteasers and working out just why she's been imprisoned in the first place. With a sharp script, an extremely gentle learning curve and a short playtime (two to three hours is all you'll need), Portal is a welcoming experience for new gamers, and a perfect way to learn how to navigate 3D levels. - Marshall Honorof Untitled Goose Game (Image credit: Epic Games) Unlike any game I'd ever played before, Untitled Goose Game is incredibly simple and fun, at least in the beginning. You're in the