 boss fights that require plenty of preparation. You will need to hone both your samurai fighting style and your use of support items if you are to progress. Failing that, you can always bring in an online friend to outnumber your foe. Start: the best fighting games on PC Where Nioh really taps into that Monster Hunter vein is in how much it gives you to do at all times. It throws missions at you as if it were a hunter trying to put a raging beast to sleep with a volley of tranq bombs. It gives you an absurd number of stats, skills, weapons, armour, stances, and god knows what else for you to manage inside and outside of missions. If you are into making the tiniest tweaks to your loadout, and prepping for battles like a proper hunter should, then you will be in heaven. Destiny 2 Bit of a curveball, this one, but Destiny 2 does have its fair share of similarities to Monster Hunter. Yes, of course, the sci-fi setting is worlds apart, and the first-person shooter format puts it in another category of game entirely. But Destiny 2 is a game with instance-based conflicts against some large-bodied aliens. The MMORPG side of the game also runs parallel to the item management and stats upgrades of Monster Hunter: World. You will be running through the same areas, popping off headshots and grabbing loot left, right, and centre. Unfortunately, you cannot cut the skin and body parts of the fallen to repurpose as armour in Destiny 2 – a real shame, as we quite fancy sporting a metallic Vex outfit – but there is Glimmer to spend, Shards to install, and Destiny Exotics to infuse. As you can see, Destiny 2 can compete with Monster Hunter: World when it comes to odd nouns, too. For every Ajanath, Malachite Ore, and Gajalaka that Monster Hunter has to offer, Destiny 2 retorts with Hunter Arcstriders, Telestos, and Xur. This, surely, is where the real conflict lies. Games to look forward to: the best upcoming games on PC And there you have it, the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World. Plenty of games have taken on the challenge of striking a balance between satisfying but difficult creature fights. Others, meanwhile, have looked to perfect the loot-grinding loop. Either way, we hope there’s something here that takes your fancy, if not Monster Hunter: World, itself.