 instead of fighting off waves of zombos, you’ll be committing some of the coolest crimes out there – from kidnapping jobs to robbing banks. Featuring dynamic scenarios with procedural elements, specialised character classes that excel in specific jobs, and tons of guns and equipment to customise your loadout, Payday has maintained a dedicated following since its release all the way back in 2013. This means newer or solo players should have no problem finding plenty of crime buddies to team up with. Gunfire Reborn While games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 set their co-op action in bespoke levels, Gunfire Reborn embraces the roguelite chaos of procedural generation, from its levels to its weapon drops. It’s co-op with up to three friends, and you can utilise a selection of hero-classes to take on your foes with a selection of colourful, zany weapons and abilities. Though still in early access at the time of writing, Gunfire Reborn has already amassed a sizable following of fans. This might be down to the fact you get to choose between playing as an alchemist cat, a canine explosives expert, and a martial arts parrot. It might just be because it’s a damn fun co-op shooter, with tons of customisation and upgrade options. There’s a panda in there somewhere, too. So, that’s the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC. If you’re hungry for some more undead action, don’t forget to check out our list of the best zombie games. For more fun with friends, here’s the best co-op games. And here’s the best FPS games, if you’re not too fussy about what you shoot, as long as you get to shoot something.
The best games like Fall Guys on PC
All the chaotic party game action you could ever want
Looking for some games like Fall Guys? Fall Guys is surely the brightest, bounciest battle royale game we’ve ever failed repeatedly at – although we have failed at a lot of battle royale games. After many gleeful hours toddling around, giving friendly hugs to your fellow beans, and being punted into the air at breakneck speed by Big Yeetus, you may be wondering what other fun, yet competitive party games you can pick up and play with friends or family. Well, wonder no more, my wobbly friend. While you won’t find Fall Guys’ colourful blend of chaotic, multiplayer lobbies and gameshow-esque obstacle courses anywhere else, there are certainly many more games with a similar playful appeal and casual approach to limb physics. Though you certainly could practice enough to defeat everyone you play against, these games are all about starting you off on an even playing field, and leaning heavily on general bedlam, so that anyone and everyone can be in with a chance of winning – but just like Fall Guys, these party games are tons of fun, even if you lose horribly. The best games like Fall Guys Pummel Party Gang Beasts Human: Fall Flat Overcooked! 2 Havocado Among Us