 Pummel Party Pummel Party has a lot in common with the Mario Party series, gameplay-wise – although its over-the-top violence isn’t quite as family-friendly as Princess Peach and pals. As your party of up to eight players make their way across a perilous game board, you’ll pick up weapons and powerups to utterly annihilate one another. If you’re the type of Fall Guys player to troll your friends with strategically deployed hugs, you’ll certainly enjoy deploying rage-inducing methods of murdering your buds seconds before they make it to their goal. Pummel Party has even more minigames than Fall Guys; while there’s some measure of skill involved, you can easily fall foul of bad luck and be unfairly teamed up on – try not to take it too seriously, as repeated losses can be seriously rage-inducing. Gang Beasts Much like Fall Guys, Gang Beasts is a technicolour party game featuring gelatinous creatures wobbling around with minimal control over their limbs – trying to get your character to move how you want them to is all part of the fun. The Gang Beasts of Beef City – to give them their proper title – are far more violent than their plump Fall Guys cousins, peppering each other with punches in order to be the last one standing. Setting up the punchline: The best fighting games on PC It’s a fun beat ‘em up, with several multiplayer stages to choose from, each with their own hilarious ways to sabotage your friends and throw them off the side – though they may well take you down with them. Human: Fall Flat Like the previous games we’ve mentioned, Human: Fall Flat plays fast and loose with human movement mechanics, to ensure the years you spent refining your skills in multiplayer games are effectively useless. You and your party will each steer a Human through one of the myriad dreamscapes on offer, puzzling your way through together as you figure out how to get to the end when you have all the grace and agility of bag of flour. It can be played solo, but once you add more Humans to the mix, the platform game plays totally differently – for better or for worse – as you create increasingly complex chains of doughy humans to scale obstacles. Regular updates add new levels that provide brand new challenges, and there’s plenty of user-generated content on the Steam Workshop for you to explore. Overcooked! 2 One of the most notoriously stressful co-op games in existence, Overcooked! 2 is perfect for groups of up to four friends who are very patient, slow to anger, and aren’t inclined to blame other people for their own mistakes. Alternatively, you can rage out and threaten to throw your fellow cooks straight in the bin, next to the sushi they ruined. You play as an overworked chef, in a race against time to serve hungry customers the correct meal. You’ll need to manage a staggering number of time sensitive demands through the