 power of teamwork. Managed to refine your kitchen workflow down to a science? Good for you – now try it in a kitchen on a slippery iceberg. Now do it in the dark. Now do it in hell. Cooking games don’t typically involve those locations, and that’s why we love Overcooked! 2 so much. Havocado Havocado is another ragdoll physics-based beat-’em-up indie game – but what sets it apart from the rest is the huge arsenal of hilariously inventive weapons and vehicles you can use to blow up your buddies. You’ll be cavorting around the level, using jetpacks, rockets, grenades, and even an eel gun. It shoots out big slippery yellow eels that fizzle like electric bananas. Need we say more? There are several maps to choose from, including some secret levels you’ll need to unlock. It’s great fun for players of all ages, but you’ll need to bring your own squad as servers aren’t particularly populated. Among Us Many comparisons have been drawn between the beanlike protagonists of Fall Guys and the stubby spacemen of Among Us – though apparently the skeleton of a Fall Guy is uniquely horrifying, unlike Among Us’ impostors, they don’t tend to exhibit any murderous tendencies. As far as we know. Among Us is a social deduction game in which groups of up to ten friends attempt to patch up an outpost by completing a series of small repair tasks. However, up to three of them are impostors, who can sabotage the crewmates’ noble efforts in various ways – and also stab them to death. When an emergency meeting is called, or a body is reported, the crewmates can choose a suspect to eject from the station, so as we explain in our Among Us imposter guide, traitors must avoid suspicion at all costs. For the good guys, our Among Us crewmate guide will teach you how to become the ultimate detective. Those are the best games like Fall Guys we know of, but we’ll keep you updated with any new party games that stumble onto PC – in the meantime, time to refine your majestic dives and tighten your grabs in preparation for the Fall Guys Season 2 release date.