 The best sword games on PC
From open-world RPGs to multiplayer epics, these are the best sword games on PC
Hacking and slashing your way through hordes of enemies with an oversized sword in hand is one of videogaming’s greatest delights. Sword games can strive for realism, both in their combat and setting, or set out to be ludicrous power fantasies – there are no hard and fast rules here, which makes it all rather exciting. So given that it’s an extremely broad genre, you might well be having a tough time finding the best of the bunch. That’s precisely why we’ve collated a handy list that spans all types of sword games, from 2D co-op titles and hack ‘n’ slash actioners to VR rhythm games and expansive sandbox RPGs. Regardless of whatever type of sword games you enjoy, you’re sure to find something here that takes your fancy. We’ve also tried to get a nice mix of single-player and multiplayer games, just in case you have a strong preference for either. And so let’s get to it! Here are the best sword games on PC in no particular order. Best sword games on pc Here are the best sword games on PC: For Honor Ghostrunner Kingdom Come: Deliverance Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance Mordhau Nidhogg 2 Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice Warhammer: Vermintide 2 Beat Saber Doom Eternal For Honor For Honor sidesteps any attempts at historical authenticity for a Deadliest Warrior approach that allows you to pit samurai, Vikings, knights, and Wu Lin warriors against one another to see what might happen. The results are often incredibly fun, and while the premise might seem silly to Mordhau or Chivalry players, there’s a great deal of depth to its combat system and distinct heroes. Give over to its charms and you’ll likely have a blast. Ghostrunner Ghostrunner’s vicious combat is a fast, furious delight, with your instakill strikes resulting in comically OTT eruptions of gore. It’s all in aid of creating that ultimate cyberpunk ninja experience, as you skilfully wall-run, slide, and dance between bullets with ease. And while the up-close combat is kept deliberately straightforward, nailing some impossible parkour and landing a killing blow is still immensely satisfying. Our full Ghostrunner review calls it “Titanfall meets Hotline Miami”, if that gives you any indication of just how intense it can get. Kingdom Come: Deliverance You can easily spend hours in Kingdom Come: Deliverance, Warhorse’s simulation-heavy RPG game, without ever once needing to unsheathe your blade. That said, this only increases the intensity and importance of your battles with medieval Bohemia’s deadliest. Getting caught off guard by a ragtag team of bandits is therefore cause for celebration, as such encounters give you the chance to hone and show off your swordplay skills. Much like every system in Kingdom Come, its tactical combat takes a while to get used to – and it will feel deliberately awkward at first – but stick with it and you’ll soon be taking down armoured killers in style.