 Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance is a radical departure from its stealthy predecessors, being a lightning-fast, Platinum-developed action game with some of the finest hack ‘n’ slash combat around. As pouty cyborg Raiden, you’ll battle your way through a ludicrous plot and plenty of killer boss fights while gradually mastering the art of the blade. It’s pitched somewhere between Bayonetta and Devil May Cry, though Raiden’s ability to slow time to a crawl and dissect his foes is a memorable (and rather disgusting) addition. Plus, you can slice up nearby cars into little bits – it’s great fun. Mordhau If you want heavy, exceedingly violent medieval swordplay with a high skill ceiling, Mordhau will no doubt be to your liking. It’s equally adept at large-scale multiplayer battles, and while the largest of fights can be a touch unruly, the game positively soars when the stars align and everything works as it should. Mordhau’s up-close encounters do definitely take some getting used to, but with that comes a greater sense of progression as you attain mastery of your preferred combat style. Besides, if you can’t beat a master swordsman in a 1v1 you can just ambush them with a warhammer while they’re busy duelling someone else. Easy. Nidhogg 2 Nidhogg 2’s swordplay demands experimentation and quick thinking, not least because your player-controlled nemesis might start blasting you with arrows or opt to lob a dagger at your face. There’s no room for chivalry in its fleshy, repellent world. However, spamming attacks and going for head-on assaults can be a recipe for disaster, so hanging back for a split second to read or throw off your opponent makes all the difference. You also have to consider that a simple prod with your sword is enough to kill them dead, making untelegraphed moves especially effective. Despite its gross-out style, there’s clearly a good deal of hidden depth to Nidhogg 2’s hectic action. Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice Sekiro’s blisteringly fast hack ‘n’ slash sword fighting can initially feel quite restrictive when compared to FromSoftware’s Dark Souls series, but its increased focus on reading your opponents and acting accordingly makes for a slicker, more unforgiving combat system. At times, you’ll fall into a rhythm-action trance as you expertly flow from one move to the next with the utmost flair. Hulking demons and master samurai are no match for a clear head and good timing. And despite the level of difficulty on offer, it should work as a welcoming entry point to the wider world of FromSoftware with its kinder respawn mechanic. At the very least, you won’t get quite so lost in this one, so long as you eavesdrop on enemy conversations and keep an eye out for the myriad environmental hints. Warhammer: Vermintide 2 Taking cues from the likes of Left 4 Dead, Warhammer: Vermintide 2 sees you teaming up with some pals to battle your way through well-crafted levels filled with revolting ratmen. Few co-op games offer quite as much