 as this one – there’s a frankly silly amount to see, unlock, and decimate here. And you’ll always be having a good time thanks to the game’s bloody swordplay and varied arsenal, which certainly isn’t limited to swords alone. It’s a solid rat game (click if you dare), and its post-launch support has been consistently good. Beat Saber Beat Saber doesn’t see you facing down a rival swordsman, but its brand of rhythm-action slashing is no less intense. As a VR game, it’s utterly entrancing and remains exciting for far longer than you might expect, with custom levels helping to greatly extend its long-term appeal. It’s easy to get carried away in the moment or caught up in a satisfying flow. Just don’t think about how silly you look while playing. And as simple as it may be, it’s still easily among the best rhythm games on PC. Doom Eternal Doom Eternal might not be the most obvious choice for a list of best sword games, considering that it’s an FPS and all, but its Crucible energy sword is an all-timer. From the moment you restore the blade to its former glory, it’s clear that the Crucible is no ordinary weapon. It functions as an instakill super of sorts that can rip and tear the toughest of demons into gross chunks. Honestly, it’s the perfect way to thin down the enemy ranks whenever things get a little too hectic, and it just feels phenomenal to swing, like the ultimate lightsabre. And that’s it for our list of the best sword games on PC! Hopefully we didn’t miss your favourite, but if we did, there’s every chance that it might be added in a future update. If you’re still on the hunt for the best PC games, might we suggest our lists of the best roguelike games or best indie games on PC?
The best PC games
Across all ages and genres, PCGamesN present our list of the best PC games to play right now
What are the best PC games available today? From triple-A world-beaters like GTA V to enchanting indie releases such as Rocket League, these classics are the biggest Steam games you can buy. Finding the best PC games is no easy task. There are, you may have noticed, quite a lot of them. From Steam games to… all those other platforms you love so much, there has never been more choice available to the discerning PC gamer. So let us help. Below you’ll find our list of the best PC games you can play right now (before the shouting starts: this is not an ‘all-time greats’ round-up). We have tried to include a broad range of genres and have explained our picks using the medium of words. Whether you want to cruise around Blaine County in GTA V, explore a captivating abandoned house in What Remains of Edith Finch, or indulge in fantasy sex acts in the sublime The Witcher 3, these are the best PC games you can buy