 webbed feet of an obnoxious goose who goes around picking up items in its bill and honking at the townsfolk. That doesn't sound like a game, but you soon get a list of anarchic chores to accomplish that range from stealing items to setting up pratfalls for the locals. Each "level" of Untitled Goose Game is a different scene or home, and once you've played a little of the game, you'll grow accustomed to its internal logic. Before you know it, you'll be setting up mini Rube Goldberg machines, ruining one citizen's day after another. It's all tied together by an adorable cartoonish aesthetic and a delightful soundtrack. - Henry T. Casey Topics Gaming Nintendo PlayStation Xbox See all comments (0) No comments yet Comment from the forums
Home Round-up Gaming The best games of 2020 (so far) By Tom's Guide Staff 04 July 2020 From Animal Crossing to Final Fantasy, here are the best games of 2020 Shares Comments (0) (Image credit: Square Enix) We’ve made it to the halfway point of 2020, and while most of the world has been turned upside down, there has been no shortage of great video games to take our minds off of the chaos of everyday life. Titles like Final Fantasy VII Remake and Resident Evil 3 provided completely fresh takes on some of the most beloved games of all time, while The Last of Us Part II and Doom Eternal pushed storytelling and action to exciting new heights. And then there’s Animal Crossing: New Horizons, which continues to take the world by storm by providing the virtual island escape we need right now. Check out the best Nintendo Switch games What we know about the Xbox Series S This list of excellent games is all the more impressive when you consider that the current generation of consoles is winding down to make way for the PS5 and Xbox Series X this fall. If you’re looking to catch up on what you’ve missed, here are the best games of 2020 so far. Final Fantasy VII Remake (Image credit: Square Enix) Final Fantasy VII Remake is easily my favorite game of 2020 so far — which is impressive, considering that I didn’t want to play it at first. While the original FFVII was one of the formative games of my teenage years, I didn’t see what good remaking it could do, other than making the graphics prettier. FFVIIR is more than just a fresh coat of paint, though. In addition to a completely revamped and highly strategic battle system, you also get wildly expanded levels, a completely new script and much richer characterizations. The combat is challenging, the environments are fully realized and the voice acting is spirited. If you’ve never played FFVII before, this is arguably the best way to experience. However, if you have played FFVII before, then FFVIIR is an even more fascinating game, thanks to smart, subtle and subversive ways in which it builds on the original’s story. If you