 Game Master mode lets you convincingly recreate the unpredictable storytelling of tabletop roleplaying. It’s no wonder we went absolutely gaga for this masterpiece in our Divinity: Original Sin II PC review. What. A. Game. WHAT REMAINS OF EDITH FINCH The humble walking simulator has evolved significantly since the days of Dear Esther. But of all the memorable efforts, it’s What Remains of Edith Finch that represents the pinnacle of this narrative-led form. As the titular Edith, you return to your childhood home: a scatter-brained, rickety collection of rooms, crawl-spaces, and most importantly, stories. Each bedroom Edith explores transports you to a vignette that reveals the tale of a Finch family member. From simple activities like flying a kite, to the fantasy worlds inside the head of a man working a mundane job, the methods with which Edith Finch tells its stories is simply beautiful. No prior walking sim has felt quite this creative, and any future game that manages to surpass the bar set here will be a very special game indeed. Edith isn’t just one of the best indie games on PC, it’s one of the finest titles of any kind of the past decade. RAINBOW SIX SIEGE It hasn’t always gone smoothly for Rainbow Six Siege. Ubisoft Montreal’s exacting shooter began life in a fraught manner before the run of relative stability it enjoys today. After more than a year of updates, the introduction of several new operators and maps, and a concerted deep clean dubbed Operation Health, Siege is now arguably one of the best FPS games on PC. It takes a little while to realise this – Siege’s learning curve is dauntingly steep – but the investment of time required is small change compared to the satisfaction you will feel when you win your first clutch or bag an ace in this tense 5v5 shooter. Sure, it’s possible to draw broad comparisons to some other games – not least Counter-Strike: Global Offensive – but Siege stands apart from its peers for its remarkable depth and towering skill caps. Related: the best World War 2 games on PC Given that Siege’s player base continues to swell – as word gets around, and Ubisoft’s mischievous tweaks to the meta keep it feeling fresh – there has never been a better time to have your SAS handed to you over and over. If you’re struggling to succeed in this demanding shooter, check out our Rainbow Six Siege Operator guide to improve your chances of winning those terrorist tussles. TOTAL WAR: WARHAMMER 2 Total War has been a strategy institution for years now, and its most recent historical entries – Attila and even Rome II, after a bit of work – are really good. But there’s a reason Total War: Warhammer 2 is the best-seller: it adds variety to its story mode and sheer cinematic joy to battles. It has made the series more fun and replayable than ever before. With Warhammer II, Creative Assembly has taken this success as