 permission to go even bigger. It sees four powers crossing oceans to control a magical vortex – a global conflict, whereas Warhammer was a continental one. Its races and their armies are the most exotic yet: the Lizardmen are led by almighty wizard-toads on floating platforms and can field feral T-Rexes, for goodness’ sake. And yet, in all this gleeful bombast, CA has not lost sight of the little things. The elegant but plain High Elves are a dose of common sense amid the madness. The new Vortex victory condition may seem like fantastical indulgence, but it serves the game by keeping the pressure up right to the end, when you would previously be cruising to an easy win. So don’t be fooled by the dragons and dinos – this is the best Total War has been by the old, analytical metrics, as well as the flashy new fun ones. Read our Total War: Warhammer 2 PC review to find out why it’s one of our favourite strategy games of the last few years. PROJECT CARS 2 Historically, driving sims have tended to focus on the challenge, rather than the enjoyment, of flinging a car around a circuit at speed. Somehow, over the years, ‘realistic handling’ has come to mean ‘unrealistically gripless and unmanageable handling’. The latest wave of big-name driving games is attempting to address that, and Project Cars 2 is currently leading the pack. Slightly Mad’s interpretation of car physics is not perfect, but it’s perhaps the closest any developer has come so far to simulating the real feeling of driving. You can sense what every wheel is doing, the shifting weight of the car, and every minute change in surface texture. More often than not, the vehicles respond to your inputs in exactly the same way a real one would. It’s no wonder we raved about the game in our Project Cars 2 PC review. There are caveats to getting the most from the game, however: you must use a wheel, and switch off all of the assists – if you’re the kind of player who prefers the chase cam view, this is not the game for you. But if you’re prepared to fully immerse yourself in this demanding racer, you’ll discover one of the best racing games on PC. If you dig driving games, you need this gem in your collection. CELESTE Celeste is both an excellent platformer and a powerful story about overcoming hardships. Playing as Madeline, you’re tasked with surviving the dangerous ascent up Celeste Mountain, navigating over 700 screens of platforming challenges that will put veterans of the genre through their paces. The controls are razor-sharp, with a simple set of moves that promises not to alienate newcomers – failure is frequent, but it never feels unfair. Better yet, repeated failures only help cement Celeste’s story of preservation and self-discovery. As Harry wrote in his best PC games of 2018 entry, “Ostensibly, Celeste is a game about climbing its eponymous mountain. But, really,