 through it’s well worth picking up if you enjoy the first game. OVERWATCH Get 30 million loyal players together and you get to be on this list of the best PC games too. Jokes aside, that achievement is reason enough alone for Overwatch to get its place – but it has a lot more going for it than numbers. The game took over the world in 2016 and is yet to let go. It’s an easy to learn, impossible to master work of genius, cobbling together everything Blizzard, and the industry at large, has learned about how to get players interested and keep them engaged. All that, and it’s also ludicrously fun to play, as our gushing Overwatch PC review points out. Even if you’re not regularly logging on, it’s impossible to dodge the bombardment of fan art, highlight gifs, and new skins that regularly cycle the internet. Overwatch stopped being just a game almost as soon as it released, and will be a cultural phenomenon remembered for a long, long time. ALIEN: ISOLATION If you’ve ever watched Ridley Scott’s horror film Alien and thought, ‘I’d love to be inside that movie’, then Alien: Isolation is your golden ticket. Creative Assembly’s survival horror game replicates the world of Wyland Yutani and xenomorphs with astonishing attention to detail, right down to the computer terminals that flicker and hum as if it were 1979 all over again. But Isolation’s pitch-perfect recreation of the movie’s setting and era is only part of what puts it among the best PC games. The real triumph is the xenomorph itself: a solitary, unstoppable beast that stalks you incessantly on your journey through the game. What makes it truly remarkable is the adaptive AI system that means it’s constantly learning – if it discovers you hiding in a vent, it’ll begin to search vents during subsequent encounters. This turns the creature into a true menace, keeping tension levels high both during play and long after you have shut down your computer. And if you have nerves of steel, you can hook up Isolation to Oculus Rift for one of the best VR games on PC you’ll ever play. WORLD OF WARCRAFT Still the only subscription MMO to get it right, and now living through a resurgence in popularity and quality, World of Warcraft is an easy recommendation once again. Its Warlords of Draenor lowpoint left many wondering if there was still a future for one of the most famous games of all time. Fortunately, the Legion expansion showed that not only was it still alive and well, it would not be going away any time soon. No matter what you’re logging on for, it remains one the best PC games around. Each expansion provides a massive, co-op enabled RPG storyline of its own, with only the most climatic moments requiring the presence of other people. Of course, if you want to delve into the endgame and join 24 others in taking down the world’s biggest bads, all