 haven’t seen the ending yet, then brace yourself — a sequel to FFVIIR could go to some very strange and satisfying places. — Marshall Honorof Today's best Final Fantasy VII Remake deals Reduced Price Final Fantasy VII: Remake -... Amazon Prime $59.99 $29.99 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Animal Crossing: New Horizons (Image credit: Nintendo) I was a month or two late to the Animal Crossing: New Horizons phenomenon, but I've certainly spent the following months making up for lost time. Over the 285 hours I put into this game, I found the joys of interior decorating my island home and levelling that domestic paradise up with room after room. Animal Crossing is an ultimate challenge, though, as you'll probably need to play the Stalk Market in order to rack up cash fast and pay off your in-game debt. Yes, somehow, Animal Crossing made debt relief kind of a fun experience — mostly because of how all of my friends were also tracking their turnip prices, leading us to constantly communicate and help each other cash in. New Horizons succeeds because of its amazingly cute designs and characters, in spite of how slow its dialogue-driven menus are and how bad Nintendo continues to be at Online. When someone visits your island, life shuts down while you spend a minute watching a loading screen. That I could spend more than 200 hours of time, enjoying a game with that kind of flaw shows you how strong its good parts are. It's practically become my preferred way to warm my brain up in the morning, digging for fossils, planting bags of money and tidying my personal island. Animal Crossing also owes some of its success to how much we all want to be on an island adventure now that we're all stranded in our own not-virtual houses. Heck, Animal Crossing New Horizons even played a decent stand-in for my spring vacation. — Henry T. Casey Today's best Animal Crossing: New Horizons deals 329 Walmart customer reviews ????? Reduced Price Animal Crossing New Horizons... Amazon Prime $72 $55 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices The Last of Us Part II (Image credit: Sony ) The Last of Us was one of the defining games of the PS3. It was the kind of game you can only get late in a console’s life span, with gorgeous graphics, refined gameplay and detailed levels that pushed the aging PS3 to its limits. Now, The Last of Us Part II has done the same thing with the PS4. This dark action/stealth game casts you as Ellie, who embarks on a quest for revenge after witnessing a brutal murder. Like the first game, The Last of Us Part II has tight, intense gameplay that challenges you to solve environmental puzzles, explore huge levels to scavenge resources, fight off grotesque Infected enemies and sneak your way