 The best games like Fallout on PC
Our favourite picks from the vault
What are some games like Fallout? Since its creation by Interplay Entertainment way back in 1997, all the way through to the ever-changing West Virginia wasteland of Fallout 76, the Fallout series has emitted a nuclear-bright glow at the forefront of RPGs. Tracking their history is like a lesson in the evolution of the computer RPG itself, from the tabletop-inspired originals to Bethesda’s live-service, always-online latest. Players are drawn to the series for such different reasons – and the later titles have embraced so many diverse systems – that it’s difficult to pin down something that quite scratches the same irradiated itch. Some fans love roleplaying. Others, exploring a post-apocalyptic landscape. Some, the emergent gameplay chaos, and others, the building, crafting, and community aspects. Whatever the reason you first fell in love with Fallout, we’ve put together a list of games we think you’ll dig while you’re waiting patiently for news of Fallout 5. From the classic RPG games revival of Divinity Original Sin 2, to the gloomy post-apocalypse of the Metro series, here’s the best games like Fallout for PC. The best games like Fallout for PC are: Wasteland 3 Divinity Original Sin 2 The Outer Worlds Disco Elysium Metro 2033 Bioshock Skyrim Wasteland 3 The latest entry in the franchise that started it all, Wasteland 3 is a mammoth, deeply reactive tactical RPG set in the post-apocalyptic U.S. The series isn’t just like Fallout – it’s effectively the blueprint for Fallout. While no less comical than its nuclear cousin, it generally opts for a grittier, more incisively socio-political tone than Fallout’s broad parodies. Read more: Miserable apocalypse games to wallow in Wasteland 2 brought back the series in a big way, but Wasteland 3 is bigger and more confident, finding its feet with its newly built fanbase. Fallout may have the Brotherhood of Steel, but Wasteland has massive steel spiders. Divinity Original Sin 2 We’ve seen many reverent homages to classic CRPG’s in recent years, but Divinity Original 2 stands out as the most forward-thinking. While developer Larian’s love for isometric classics like Fallout and Baldur’s Gate is on full display here, DOS 2 doesn’t constrain itself to simply replicating the same formula. The result is magical. Memorable characters and engaging, witty storytelling join loads of lovely systemic reactivity both inside and out of its challenging turn-based combat. Combat arenas can be transformed with elemental powers and abilities, and environmental features can become your greatest allies – or most troublesome foes. All this, combined with deep character creation and co-op multiplayer make this a worthy successor to OG Fallout’s legacy. The Outer Worlds Late stage capitalism can have ridiculous, soul-destroying effects on the world. While we don’t always need art to remind us of this – and while not all political art needs to be too on-the-nose – sometimes it’s nice to raise a big ol’ middle finger to worker exploitation and conspicuous consumption. We’re sorry, Tim