 Curry, but it turns out that capitalism got space now, too. Luckily, at least it brought with it an expansive open-world RPG with nods to beloved Obsidian gems, such as Fallout: New Vegas. The skill systems, story choices, and sci-fi environments are all noteworthy, but what really shines here is the character writing. Obsidian doesn’t let the satire get in the way of populating the Outer Worlds’ planets with believable, interesting, human characters. Disco Elysium Disco Elysium is one of gaming’s few true originals. Both fever-dream like in its narcotic haze and strikingly down-to-earth in its preference for folk cadence over fantasy tropes. This CRPG is every 4am house party conversation you’ve ever had, replayed with dice rolls and stat sheets. The only difference is that it’s actually as creative, thought-provoking, charismatic, and wild as all those White Claws only made you think you were. Fans of Fallout 1&2 will feel at home in the tangled branches of extensive dialogue trees that (gasp!) actually have the chutzpah to lock you out of certain story moments or choices, depending on your character build and decisions up to that point. It stands out from other RPG games by being bitingly funny, too. Metro 2033 If you’re looking for something that captures the expansive bleakness and FPS systems of Bethesda’s Fallout titles, but within a more focused framework, it’s hard to go wrong with the post-apocalyptic Metro series. While Metro: Last Light has some solid ideas, and Metro: Exodus is beautiful and ambitious, neither of them quite capture the claustrophobic terror of Metro 2033. More: The best survival games on PC Metro sees Fallout’s molerats, and raises it the stakes with bat-faced, pack-hunting Watchmen. It sees Fallout’s radscorpion, and drops a chonking mutant gorilla on top of it. Owing as much to survival horror games as FPS, Metro 2033 is a tense, subterranean journey that makes every individual bullet feel precious. Don’t forget to check out the S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Pathologic series, plus Mutant Year Zero, for similar Tarkovsky-inspired post-apocalyptic survival. Bioshock If you’re all about the creepy 50’s, picket-fence satire of the original Fallouts, then you’ll likely have a swell time jitterbugging your way down to Bioshock’s deep-sea dystopia to give a few of its inhabitants a knuckle sandwich. Bioshock was always about exploration and atmosphere first, gunplay second, so while the combat can feel a little wooden these days compared to other FPS games, there’s still very few game settings as well realised as Rapture. Come for the parties, stay for the option to shoot bees at people. Skyrim You know that gag people always make when a game is massive? “Here’s this small indie game hur hur.” We won’t do that. We know that you’ve heard of Skyrim, because you can probably run it on your cat’s electronic collar, your Fitbit, and that old pair of light-up trainers at the back of your wardrobe. If you needed reminding for any reason, though: Skyrim is the open-world RPG fantasy sibling to Bethesda’s