 Fallout open-world games. So, there’s our picks for the best games like Fallout. If you’re in the mood for some recent Fallout-flavoured indie games, and love that isometric style, don’t overlook the likes of Atom RPG, Encased, or UnderRail, either.
The best fantasy games on PC
Escape to another world with our list of the best fantasy games on PC
There's nothing quite like escaping into another world, immersing yourself in its history and people, and getting to grips with your new virtual life. Fantasy games are especially good at offering these sorts of experiences, but the genre is so packed with great adventures that it can be hard to pinpoint where exactly to place your attention. Luckily for you, we've put together this list of the best fantasy games on PC. As always, we want to highlight a varied selection of titles, from mammoth RPGs to 2D action-platformers. There's even a sports game in the mix this time around. And please don't worry if we've missed your favourite fantasy game – there's every chance that it could be added at a later time. So, whether you're looking to slay some dragons in a sprawling open world or try something a little stranger, we've got you covered with our list of the best fantasy games on PC. All you need is a sense of adventure and the patience for copious amounts of lore. Let's go! Best fantasy games on PC Here are the best fantasy games on PC: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Outward The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Dragon Age 2 Genshin Impact Pyre Pillars of Eternity Hollow Knight Genshin Impact The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Outward The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Dragon Age 2 Pyre Pillars of Eternity Hollow Knight Genshin Impact For many, Genshin Impact has been a wild introduction to the world of gacha games. It’s a great place to start, honestly, and few of the best free PC games can claim to offer such a wealth of enjoyable missions, likeable characters, and sumptuous visuals for the price of nowt. New update: Find out how to raise your Genshin Impact reputation The writing can be a bit hit-or-miss, but even if Paimon gets on your nerves, there’ll always be something to keep you playing, whether that be the promise of cool new loot, a fresh character, or another gorgeous sandbox area to explore. Play Genshin Impact for free The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt With all the hype now years behind us, it’s plain to see that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has gone down as one of the best PC games of all time. Its expansive fantasy world has no shortage of deeply human interactions and tales of woe, joy, and everything in between. Ultimately, it’s this intense focus on storytelling – both epic and decidedly mundane – that gives it such an endearing spirit. Mod it: Check out the best Witcher 3 mods As a fantasy game, it’s arguably at the height of its powers during the Hearts