 of Stone and Blood and Wine DLC quest lines. Here you’ll find plenty of creative twists on age-old fantasy yarns, with the latter even featuring a fully-explorable ‘Land of a Thousand Fables’. After Geralt’s adventure has come to a close and you’ve spent dozens of hours in good company, you’ll doubtlessly leave The Witcher 3 with a lump in your throat and more than a tale or two of your own to tell. Outward Outward absolutely nails the sensation of embarking on a long, challenging, and potentially life-threatening adventure. It can at times feel like there are multiple steps in the way of achieving the simplest of tasks, from prepping your backpack to planning your route. But rather than bore you to tears, what this does is shift the focus to the journey itself and grant your every decision a greater sense of importance. Related: The best open-world games on PC A rushed plan will always end in disaster, so you must think everything through and be sure that any trip beyond the city walls will be worth your time and effort. The smallest of victories therefore become a cause for celebration, and the slow realisation that you’ve eked out a decent life for yourself in an impossibly harsh world is oddly comforting. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Skyrim has been picked apart, written about, and played more than perhaps any other game on this list – and for good reason. It’s easily Bethesda’s most approachable modern RPG, offering hundreds of hours of popcorn fantasy and adventuring, and there’s still an undeniable charm to just wandering its world, engaging with its enjoyably awkward NPCs, and ignoring your destiny to steal some sweetrolls or ‘Fus Ro Dah’ a bandit off a cliff. It certainly helps that the game’s modding scene is still going strong, with many of the best Skyrim mods being just a quick download away. Dragon Age 2 Dragon Age 2 is grossly underappreciated (I really must point out that both Dragon Age: Origins and Inquisition are better). By rejecting the ‘bigger is better’ mantra of AAA gaming sequels, it’s able to offer the series’ most focused, compelling drama and cast. The city of Kirkwall is packed full of intriguing tales and memorable characters struggling to live their lives among an escalating feud that threatens to destroy all in its wake. Check out: The best dragon games on PC Despite these life-or-death stakes, the game’s key conflicts retain a certain intimacy and immediacy. The enemy, whoever you feel it may be, is already in the city walls before you’ve even rocked up to the party, and there’s a troubling sense that your hard-fought victories are only delaying the inevitable. Sure, the recycled maps and other signs of a tight development turnaround are still present ten years on, but – as was true on release – the good far outweighs the bad. Pyre What a strange, resonant, and unforgettable game Pyre is. Supergiant’s tale of trapped exiles attempting to return