 home by succeeding in sport-like ‘rites’ is as sad as it is uplifting. Your journey through the Downside sees you befriending the unlikeliest of heroes, and the hardships shared by you, your party, and even your rivals have the effect of bringing everyone together and complicating every emotion felt. Get competitive: With our list of the best football games on PC Pyre’s world-building and branching narrative might be its major hooks, but the rites themselves are still a joy to play, and their surprising complexity becomes apparent as you progress or bump up the difficulty. Basically, the game doesn’t put a foot wrong. Pillars of Eternity Pillars of Eternity is a smart RPG set in a grim fantasy land where your choices actually carry weight. Despite its obvious old-school appeal, it still bears its own personality and sense of history. Plus, it knows exactly what to take from its inspirations and what to update. Obsidian’s approach should work well for fresh-eyed players and those who’ve spent a silly amount of time in the world of Neverwinter Nights, Baldur’s Gate, or Planescape: Torment. Its seafaring successor, Pillars of Eternity 2: Deadfire, is equally worthy of your attention. Hollow Knight Hollow Knight is one of the most generous fantasy games you could hope to find on PC. It’s a 2D action-platformer set in a strange land of giant bugs and underground civilisations. Your goal is to navigate and gradually map out your treacherous surroundings while taking down a series of tricky bosses. Its open nature and countless well-hidden secrets make exploration a delight, and just as you think the game is drawing to a close or running out of steam, it presents some new idea or challenge to reinvigorate its action in a big way. There’s an incredible amount to see here, and it’s all worthwhile. And there you have it – the best fantasy games on PC. If you’re still on the hunt for something to play, perhaps our lists of the best sword games, best roguelike games, and best RPG games might help narrow your search.