 past human foes. You can improve your abilities and weapons over time, and both open combat and total stealth are viable options. But what really elevates The Last of Us Part II is its story, where the plot twists come fast and frequently, and Ellie’s cause is never quite as righteous as it seems. The Last of Us Part II asks some tough questions, and the answers it provides are dark, unsettling and insightful. — Marshall Honorof Today's best The Last of Us 2 deals Reduced Price The Last of Us Part II -... Amazon Prime $59.99 $29.99 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Doom Eternal (Image credit: Bethesda) Doom Eternal takes the first-person-shooter rollercoaster ride that is 2016’s Doom reboot and cranks everything up tenfold. The game’s brutally frenetic combat is more strategic than ever, as every shotgun round, flamethrower blast and brutal melee kill all flow together to create an irresistibly fun gameplay loop in which every part of your arsenal serves a purpose. Eternal puts an even greater emphasis on movement, with double-jumps, wall-climbs and dashes that give you exciting new ways to approach enemies and explore a hell-infested Earth. And it’s all set to a buzzing heavy metal soundtrack that perfectly fuels every explosive encounter. Doom Eternal isn’t just the best take yet on the most iconic shooter around — it’s one of the best pure action games out there, period. — Mike Andronico Today's best Doom Eternal: Deluxe Edition deals DOOM Eternal Deluxe Edition GamersGate $29.70 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Resident Evil 3 (Image credit: Capcom) Following the superb Resident Evil 7 and Resident Evil 2 remake, the 2020 version of Resident Evil 3 continues to usher in the series new golden era by delivering an intense, engrossing take on one of survival horror’s most beloved classics. Shorter and more action-focused than last year’s Resident Evil 2, Resident Evil 3 is a pulse-pounding survival experience that weaves together explosive setpieces, nerve-wracking zombie encounters and some truly memorable face-offs with iconic big bad Nemesis. While not quite as content-packed as the RE2 remake, Resident Evil 3 offers up some of the best gameplay and visuals the series has seen yet, and has us chomping at the bit for next year’s Resident Evil Village. — Mike Andronico Today's best Resident Evil 3 (2020) deals 5 Walmart customer reviews ????? RESIDENT EVIL 3 GamersGate $19.80 View Deal Show More Deals We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Persona 5 Royal (Image credit: Atlus ) Some games are so nice, you play them twice. That's what I've just experienced with the 127 hours I sunk into Persona 5 Royal, the expanded and perfected version of Persona 5, a widely lauded Japanese RPG from 2017 (that I spent 107 hours playing). The latest chapter of the long running Persona series, P5R