 places I have gone and the people I have met because of Pokemon GO are all part of why it is still so special to this day. With the game having its highest-grossing month since launch, it's safe to say Pokemon GO isn't going...anywhere, especially not off of this list. Did You Know? There are currently five (of eight) generations of Pokemon in the game, with more being added each year. To curb trespassing, Texas A&M opened its football stadium to players and ended up attracting 1,600 players in two hours. The game has helped several local businesses attract growth just by setting up lures and watching potential customers pour in.
Released 2012 99 Seth Macy Borderlands 2 elevated an excellent game to Legendary status. The original Borderlands captured the attention of gamers, seemingly from out of nowhere, and its sequel took everything that made the original great and expanded on it. From its seamless continuation of the Borderlands vault hunting lore, to its unmatched writing, Borderlands 2 remains the high point in the Borderlands franchise. Borderlands 3 is overflowing with improvements over its predecessor The Pre-Sequel, but Borderlands 2 still can't be beat for its awesome levels, excellent DLC, and series-best villain, Handsome Jack. Did You Know? Damage counters in the Borderlands series were originally a debug feature for the programmers and partially inspired by RPGs like Final Fantasy. Game testers liked it so much, it became a part of the series. An Easter egg in the Caustic Caverns level unlocks a Minecraft head for players who find its off-map location and defeat a giant Creeper. Almost everyone on the creative team for Borderlands 2 has since left Gearbox.
Released 2017 98 Casey DeFreitas When I was famished for Dungeons and Dragons, Divinity: Original Sin 2 filled that void for me. It gave me the freedom to cheat, steal, kill, or persuade my way with kindness through the campaign with a friend (or three!) just like in D&D. Creative play is not only allowed, but encouraged and intentionally made possible by the developers. It felt liberating playing a huge RPG that rewards “cheating” the system, and encountering NPCs and opponents that acknowledge and react to it. I’ve since recommended it to all of my real-life D&D parties, and they’ve all come back with the same opinion: This is the best D&D experience you can get from a video game. DOS2 even has a Game Master mode, which lets you build your own campaigns. But, the built-in story is decidedly plenty and nearly infinitely replayable. The premade characters all have their own special storylines, and the numerous way things pan out depend on player actions, backstory choices, race, and more. Whether playing on an easy or hard difficulty setting, as an Elf Ranger or an Undead Conjurer, as a helpful adventurer or a murderous thief, DOS2 is a fun fantasy world to get lost in no matter what. Did You Know? The "Definitive Edition" doesn't just include improved visuals - it completely