 been games that improved on the mechanical aspects of the AC series, but AC4 is an exceptional blend of both the massive open-world exploration that the franchise remains known for and the stealth-focused mission structure that gave the series its roots. Its naval combat and oceanic exploration offered boundless fun on the high seas, and there still hasn't been a historical guest star that rivaled the likes of Blackbeard or Mary Read. Did You Know? The development team pulled much of their information from two books: 2007's The Republic of Pirates by Colin Woodward and The General History of Pyrates, originally published in 1724 The subtitles for Black Flag adopt a style where every proper noun is capitalized (as in "every Noun in each Sentence in the Book"), which is the style in which The General History of Pyrates was written. Black Flag's modern-day segments contain references to the BLUME company, the corporate antagonists in the Watch Dogs universe. This was one of the first instances that Ubisoft leaned into the idea that their worlds were connected.
Released 1991 94 Ryan McCaffrey When Monkey Island 2 came out, we knew who Guybrush Threepwood was, so we knew what to expect. Or so we thought. Somehow, creator Ron Gilbert threw everyone for a loop, ending Monkey Island 2 in a carnival, leaving us to wonder if everything we'd played in the first two games took place in a boy's imagination, or if the ending itself was simply another LeChuck voodoo spell. Regardless, the story, jokes, and pacing were all tightened up for the second Monkey Island, making it arguably the best of the incredible run of LucasArts adventure games. Did You Know? Creator Ron Gilbert has never revealed to anyone what the secret of Monkey Island actually is. The ambience was heavily inspired by the Pirates of the Carribean ride at Disneyland. The Amiga community dubbed it Disk Juggling Simulator thanks to the 11 floppy disks it had to be played across.
Jon Ryan While it may not be as old as Super Mario Kart or Road Rash, when it comes to arcade racers, Burnout 3: Takedown is an undeniable classic. I must have logged 60 hours in this game, and that was well before the days where I got paid to do that. I defy you to bring up arcade racers and not have someone mention Burnout 3. Its predecessor, Point of Impact, had fine-tuned the balance of high-speed racing and vehicular destruction, but Takedown perfected it. This was one of those games you could easily lose hours playing, either alone or with friends. Among our nerdy cadre, there was no greater source of joy, sorrow, or white-hot rage than Burnout 3. Few things could ruin a friendship faster than wrecking someone's ride just before the finish line – though thankfully all was (usually) forgotten during the next round of Crash Mode.
Dan Stapleton Starting the journey of Fallout 2 as a tribesman with nothing more than a loincloth and a spear to