 B, A, START.” The most iconic secret in video game history became a litany for the millions of kids who joined Bill and Lance on their quest to destroy Red Falcon. While a truly skilled player can clear Contra on a single credit, the power of the thirty lives code gave all of us a fair chance to power our way through the gauntlet of alien invaders, or more likely die trying. Contra was one of the few cooperative video games of the 8-bit era where player two didn’t feel like a burden dragging you down with every step. With plenty of weapon drops to go around and hordes of enemies coming from every direction, a partner’s firepower was a welcome addition in most situations. And if a friend couldn’t keep up the pace on the waterfall level, you could easily incentivize them to improve their skills by scrolling the screen upward and killing them, which I did whenever my little brother lagged behind. Did You Know? The NES version's use of the Konami Code to grant players 30 lives also popularized the iconic cheat among North American audiences. Its North American localization changed the setting from the year 2633 to 1987, the year the arcade version debuted. The UK version changed the human characters into robots.
Released 2000 83 Brendan Graeber When Tony Hawk Pro Skater came out, it was like nothing anyone had ever played before. It just felt so insanely intuitive, it had great music, it just felt… cool? Gamers, skaters, heshers, posers, there was not one demo that wasn’t drawn into the cultural singularity of gaming and skateboarding like a rent-a-cop to a skate video shoot. When Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 came out, and improved upon the original in virtually every single way imaginable (even more flexible controls, an expanded soundtrack, more unlockable secrets, custom skaters, even a park editor!), the popularity of the game just exploded in a way that could only have ended in steadily diminishing annual releases. But for one shining moment, we all collectively agreed that THPS2 was, and still is, the perfect skateboarding game. Did You Know? THPS2 was built on a modified version of the engine Neversoft used to create the video game tie-in for the Bruce Willis movie, 'Apocalypse' — the pitch demo for the orignal game featured Bruce Willis' character model on a skateboard. Neversoft also developed the 2000 Spider-Man game on Playstation, so naturally the webslinger showed up in THPS2 as a friendly neighborhood skater complete with his own unique Spidey-moves! The original PS version of THPS2 featured an unlockable character, Private Carrera, based on the adult film star Asia Carerra. In the Dreamcast and Xbox ports, this character was replaced by the less salacious (and presumably more family-friendly) "Trixie".
Casey DeFreitas Kill a monster, make gear out of its parts, and hunt a stronger monster sounds like a gameplay loop that can get old fast, but Monster Hunter: World has taken that decade-old hook and downright perfected