 delivers a world where teenagers discover the evils of their teachers and other devious adults, and jump into the “metaverses” of their screwed up brains and warped desires to trigger confessions of their crimes against society. In order to "steal the hearts" of their targets, you and your crew find your inner "persona" — monsters with serious power that appear in the metaverse that fight the other personas that inhabit the minds of the villains. Persona 5 Royal was truly worth the extra 127 hours of my time because of how Atlus improved an already great game. The tweaks start with the quality-of-life improvements that P5 lovers will notice, such as increased localization work and graphical flourishes. And while improvements to the combat system in technical damage add welcome complexity, it's P5R's two new characters, the gymnast Kasumi Yoshizawa and school counselor Takuto Maruki, who add a greater level of emotional depth to the game. After having played both, I'd say it's inarguable that Royal is the definitive edition of my favorite RPG of all time. — Henry T. Casey Today's best Persona 5 Royal: Phantom Thieves Edition deals Persona 5 Royal: Phantom... Amazon Prime $164.88 View Deal We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices Streets of Rage 4 (Image credit: Dotemu) Talk about a glorious comeback. Streets of Rage 4 manages to be nostalgic and fresh all at once, bringing back the classic beat-em-up gameplay of the beloved Sega Genesis series while wrapping it up in a stunning new hand-drawn art style. The game’s accessible side-scrolling action will feel familiar to anyone who’s played the classics, while its dynamic new combo system gives you plenty of creative options for juggling groups of bad dudes. And with tons of difficulty settings, online and offline co-op and a trove of unlockable characters from the series’ past, Streets of Rage 4 will keep fighting fans busy for quite a while. — Mike Andronico Today's best Streets of Rage 4 deals Buy Now at Amazon No price information Buy Now at Amazon See all prices (1 found) Dreams (Image credit: Sony Interactive Entertainment) Media Molecule’s LittleBigPlanet helped define the PS3 era by letting players create their own adorable 2D platforming levels. The studio’s newest game, Dreams, takes that concept to staggering new heights. This delightful sandbox experience lets you build entire games, movies and pieces of music, whether you want to create a simple pick-up-and-play arcade game or a detailed cinematic adventure. And if you’re too daunted by the thought of making something, the amazing ingenuity of the Dreams community has already produced a ton of great experiences that range from striking horror game tributes to classic platforming action. And with new creations popping up every day and VR support on the way, Dreams is the kind of community-driven experience that only gets better over time. — Mike Andronico Today's best Dreams - PS4 deals 7 Walmart customer reviews ????? Reduced Price Dreams - PlayStation 4 Amazon Prime