 cost us countless nights of sleep whilst chanting its “Just one more turn” mantra or humming its Grammy award-winning theme song. Did You Know? Civilization IV was the first video game to ever win a Grammy – it won in 2011 for its main theme, Baba Yetu. Baba Yetu, which was originally composed for the album Calling All Dawns, is a Swahili-language translation of the Lord's Prayer. Newly researched technologies were narrated by Leonard Nimoy.
Released 1998 25 Zach Ryan There's not a ton left that we can really say about The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time outside of the fact that it's indisputably one of the greatest games ever made. Not only did it redefine action/adventure games, but it completely changed the way the industry thought about 3D combat and exploration. The seven-year gap between A Link to the Past and Ocarina of Time saw Zelda fans eagerly anticipating Link’s next adventure, and they weren’t disappointed. Garnering nearly unanimous critical praise and fan adoration, Ocarina of Time was quickly regarded as one of the most important and groundbreaking games of all time, and for good reason. A sweeping, epic tale that introduced new characters, new lore, and an ever-expanding timeline theory, this version of Zelda took what was great about its predecessors and expanded on those themes and ideas exponentially. Solving puzzle across time, riding Epona through the vast expanse of Hyrule, and the final confrontation with Ganon are moments that will stick with Zelda fans forever, but in 1998 they were mind-bending, genre-defining, and more than enough to earn The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time a spot on our Top 100 list. Did You Know? Ocarina of Time invented the z-targeting system that's been used in many action games ever since its 1998 debut. It was originally planned as a Nintendo 64DD release. Ocarina of time runs on a modified Super Mario 64 engine.
Released 2009 24 Mark Medina The premise of Minecraft is incredibly simple. Mine materials such as first and wood, and build things with it. Yet the possibilities are incredibly limitless. An epic gaming moment many people have reflected on is what they call, “The First Night in Minecraft.” The world always begins as a bright sunny day, and you use this time to chop down trees, dig, and maybe even slay a few animals for food. It’s great, until the sun starts to set and the actual enemies start to appear. It’s at this point you realize this is actually a survival game, and you’re forced to either burrow underground or make a quick makeshift wood cabin. Then as the sun rises and you watch all the enemies burn to a crisp, you are finally free to explore again, you are hit with a joyous urge to explore and dive even deeper into the game. Will you keep your first house, or search for a better landscape? Will you become an unground dweller, or live atop a mountain? These are the freedoms Minecraft offers,