 player fill in their own details. The cake may be a lie, but it's not a lie to tell you to play Portal if you haven't already. Did You Know? Portal first was released as part of Valve's The Orange Box, which saw the debut of Half-Life 2: Episode Two, and Team Fortress 2, as well. Ellen McLain voices Glad0s, having previously performed as the Combine Overwatch in the Half-Life franchise. Portal: No Escape saw a beloved fan film made by Dan Trachtenberg, who would go on to direct 10 Cloverfield Lane.
Released 2011 16 Daniel Krupa The most boring thing to note about Dark Souls is its difficulty. Why? Because it stops you from focusing on all of the things that make it the most influential game of the last decade. You fail to mention how incredible Lordran is – a single continuous location that spirals from lava-flooded ruins to a glistening city of the gods. A place where new paths often lead back to familiar locations, so that exploring it for the first time feels like solving a puzzle. You overlook its precise, nuanced combat or the fact it has the most interesting and meaningful bosses of any game. And you certainly never get round to discussing its story, which revels in ambiguity and invites interpretation like no other. Yes, Dark Souls is challenging, but the rewards it yields to the persistent and curious are limitless. Did You Know? Dark Souls is considered a spiritual successor to Demon's Souls, which is a spiritual successor to FromSoftware's first game, King's Field. The series bears several striking similarities to the manga Berserk, a major influence on director Hidetaka Miyazaki. Early ideas for a title were "Dark Race" and "Dark Ring," but both were scrapped due to controversial connotations overseas.
Christian Holt What can you say about the definitive fighting game, the game that has spawned countless imitators, acolytes, and sequels? Street Fighter II remains a classic in video game lore, making series mainstays Ryu, Ken, and Chun-Li as well as words like “Hadouken” part of the public lexicon. Everyone has a favorite character and that’s because of its diverse, fantastical character design. It’s hard to fathom how exceptional Street Fighter II was at its time. While exceptionally balanced, the imaginative design and high-end graphics for its time helped set it apart. Street Fighter II became perhaps the first fighting game global arcade smash. Over the years, Capcom kept updating and refining the combat, allowing players to play as more characters, speed up the combat, and see new special moves for their favorite characters. Its ports kept getting nominated for awards years after its initial 1991 release. That’s how enduring and exceptional Street Fighter II remains.
Released 1985 14 Ryan McCaffrey For many gamers of a certain age (and now, thanks to the NES Classic, the children of same people), Super Mario Bros. was the first video game they ever played. Mario's move out of arcades, away from Donkey Kong, and into the Mushroom