 Home Round-up PlayStation Gaming Best free PS4 games in 2020 By Richard Priday 17 December 2020 These are the best free PS4 games you can play right now, from multiplayer shooters to frenetic fighting games Shares Comments (0) (Image credit: miHoYo) The best free PS4 games may be just what you need if you're trying to keep gaming while trying to keep some money for a PS5 - if you're lucky enough to find one in stock that is. Without needing to spend a dime, you have a surprisingly wide variety of games you can access on the PlayStation Store. Many of them instead offer optional purchases to keep going, meaning they're still top-quality titles but you don't have to pay if you have to. PS5 and Xbox Series X Cyber Monday deals Cyber Monday deals are here, and Tom's Guide can help you find some of the best Cyber Monday PS5 deals on the Web for you next-generation console fix, and Cyber Monday Xbox Series X deals too. You can already save on games, headsets, extra controllers and more. The best PS4 games you can buy now Save even more cash with a free VPN Play the best split screen PS4 games Free games can be a great way to easily play online with your friends. If you can't all agree on a new major release to buy together, then a F2P (free to play) multiplayer game means you can all play together (or against each other) without feeling like you're paying for something you're not enjoying fully. Browsing the F2P section of the store can also be the best way to get a taste of a new genre, or try a game that you're not too sure about. And if you're trying to scrape together enough money to upgrade to the PS5, then having something you can play for free means you don't have to give up your favorite pastime What are the best free PS4 games? You may notice that as you scroll through this list that many of the games have multiplayer elements, which is great if you and your friends want to play something together without having to contend with differing gaming budgets and such. Warframe is one of these, and while you can spend money on cosmetic items and upgrades, it is an exceptionally fun title to play co-operatively. If you want something a bit more competitive, then the battle royale genre, represented by Fortnite, Call of Duty: Warzone and Cuisine Royale on this list, might be what you need. Fortnite: Battle Royale probably needs little introduction - it's one of the biggest games on the planet right now. However if you want something with a modern military theme and extra elements like vehicles, you may want to try Warzone. On the other hand, Cuisine Royale makes things weirder by adding in cobbled-together armor sets and magic powers. If these options still aren't enough, then there's also Hyper Scape, which will let you get