 10 best sports board games
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
A league of their own.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
High school movies would have you believe that board games and sports belong to two very different worlds. The sports people are six feet tall and six feet wide, striding down the hallway in letterman jackets, ball tucked under one arm, the world in the palm of their hands. The board game people, meanwhile, are in the library, wearing pocket protectors and glasses held together with sellotape, hunched over some chess pieces while said glasses steam up with fog. The real world, however, is not so cliched. Joe Manganiello, Hollywood heart-throb and high school varsity captain of the football, basketball and volleyball teams, is a huge Dungeons & Dragons fan. Shaquille O’Neal calls himself “the world’s tallest geek”. Frank Lampard can speak Latin. It’s no surprise, then, that the shelves are stuffed with board games based around sport. Both share a collaborative and competitive spirit, both rely on tactics and luck, and both can either reward or punish risky strategy, depending on exactly how far you’re willing to push it. Undeniably though, board games are less physically taxing. So, when you’re looking to recapture that sporting edge without ever getting off your chair, these picks of the best sports board games have you covered. Best sports board games Flamme Rouge: It’s all about the timing in this cycling sprint finish. Baseball Highlights 2045: Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the ‘Borgs. The Football Game: Win your matches, manage your off the field scandals and climb the table as you take control of your very own football club. Crash Tackle Rugby: All the strategy, intricate timing and bone-crunching body slams of rugby. Camel Up: Place your bets early and win big, or hold your fire and wait to see how the madcap race unfolds. K2: Battle against other players or just the elements as you try and survive a dangerous descent. Jab: The fists fly as fast as the cards in this boxing game that puts you in