 direct control of your fighter’s gloves. Blood Bowl: Dungeons & Dragons meets the NFL, and they’re going hell for leather… or is that hell for pigskin? WWE Dice Masters: Wrestling stars old and new alike do battle in this strategic dice-rolling game with endless add-ons. Downforce: Start your engines and try your best to win… or secretly bet big money on your opponent instead. 1. Flamme Rouge It’s all about the timing in this cycling sprint finish Race to the finish line in this board game version of the Tour de France. If you’ve ever watched the Tour de France - or any tour cycling, really - you’ll know that there are two basic ways to win a stage. You either carve out a big enough lead throughout the stage that you cross the finish line unopposed, or you stay with the peloton until the final stretch and burst out at the perfect time. This cycling board game deals with the second scenario: the vein-popping sprint to the finish, as you navigate slipstreams and jostle for position before making a late dart for the finish line. In the game, you control two cyclists: a Rouleur and a Sprinteur. To win, you have to make sure one of these riders crosses the line first. Each team gets their own deck, and you must take care to play the cards in such a way that you don’t fall too far behind the pack, while also not giving opponents the opportunity to use your slipstream and not leaving your attack too late. Flamme Rouge is the mad dash to the finish line frozen in time for us to pick apart the moment-to-moment action. Buy Flamme Rouge on Amazon UK and Amazon US 2. Baseball Highlights 2045 Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the ‘Borgs Get ready to command your team of cyborg baseball players. Let’s examine the future of baseball’s history. In the year 2032, the game has grown stale, so the league decides to shorten games to six innings each. Added to that, some pitchers have bionic arms installed and have become known as ‘Borgs, while the all-human players are the Naturals. There’s also ‘Bots, who are fully automated and can both pitch and bat, but cannot field. All caught up? Great! Because it’s your job to manage the team! It’s the ‘Highlights’ in the title of this game which is of crucial importance. Unlike some other sports games that focus on the play-by-play of a game or day-by-day of a season, Baseball Highlights 2045 cranks the pace up. Each match sees you draw just six cards, deciding on whether defensive or offensive play is best; although some cards and players will allow you to do both simultaneously. Buy Baseball Highlights 2045 on OnBuy.com and Amazon US 3. The Football Game Lead your own football club to the top of the table, on the table Imagine a tabletop version of the Football Manager video game series. The