 10 best fantasy board games
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
These fantasy-themed board games are perfect for ye olde tabletop.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
Sometimes we want to escape into a world filled with ancient mysteries, incredible magic and extravagant headgear - and that’s exactly what the best fantasy board games provide. Whenever reality seems just a bit too much, imagining yourself as a plucky adventurer sneaking through a dragon’s lair in search of treasure or the leader of a mighty clan of orcs or elves can help to provide some respite. Fantasy-themed games are a perfect source of escapism because they rely on recognisable tropes that provide comfort, as well as allowing players to embody a heroic character capable of performing amazing feats. Board games have been inspired by fantasy stories and worlds for decades. Some of the most beloved tabletop classics - such as Talisman and HeroQuest - have plucked ideas from authors such as JRR Tolkien and Tamora Pierce. Other releases have come from existing universes, such as the most popular roleplaying game of all time, Dungeons & Dragons, which has produced its fair share of board games alongside the RPG. Fantasy board games might draw from a similar well of inspiration, but there is still plenty of variety to be found in terms of setting and mechanics. Best fantasy board games Gloomhaven: Jaws of the Lion: The latest entry in the dungeon-crawling series strips things down to provide an accessible adventuring experience. Small World: A classic area-control game featuring a greatest hits of fantasy creatures - from goblins to halflings and kobolds to skeletons. Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of Ashardalon: What fantasy games list would be complete without a title set in the world of D&D? Munchkin: This classic party game pits players against one another in a brutal race to level up their characters as quickly as possible. Legends of Andor: A co-op game that has players protecting a realm from an incoming horde of monsters, whilst experiencing various adventures along the way. Clank! A Deck-Building Adventure: How deep into the dragon’s lair are you willing