 to go to grab a bit of treasure in this push-your-luck game? Terra Mystica: A weighty board game about strategy and terraforming that has players gradually forming their own fantasy kingdom. Catacombs: One player competes against the others in this dexterity game where a group of heroes attempt to defeat the dreaded Overseer. Shadows Over Camelot: King Arthur’s Round Table of knights must protect Camelot from invading darkness and a possible traitor in their midst. Welcome to the Dungeon: Can your hero make it through the hordes of vampires and goblins to reach the end of the dungeon? Find out in this fast-paced party game. All the games on this list might share various thematic elements - dragons, dungeons, magic, monsters and more of the expected - but they differ vastly in terms of vision. Some of the titles here are grand campaign-style experiences that players are expected to spend multiple sessions exploring, whereas others are much smaller affairs that aim to provide 15 minutes to half-an-hour of fantasy-themed fun. Whether you’re looking for an immersive dive into an impressive series of dungeons or a silly romp in a lair populated by haunted gazebos, there is something for everyone in this selection of the best fantasy board games. 1. Gloomhaven: Jaws of the Lion A bite-sized version of the immensely popular dungeon-crawling game Despite being smaller than the original Gloomhaven, Jaws of the Lion is still packed with content. The original Gloomhaven made quite the splash when it first hit store shelves in 2017, enchanting players with its epic worldbuilding, enormous campaign and intriguing card mechanics. Since then, we’ve seen the incredibly successful Kickstarter campaign launch of its upcoming sequel - Frosthaven - and a spin-off title called Jaws of the Lion. Set sometime before the first game, Jaws of the Lion sees players becoming members of a mercenary band made up of four characters. As mercenaries, these particular individuals are only really after one thing: payment. Luckily enough, there happens to be a whole cavalcade of people rich in coin and desperate for a team of able-bodied adventurers willing to face off against hordes of monsters. As in the original Gloomhaven, Jaws of the Lion is a dungeon-crawling game that sees players venturing into various dangerous locales in order to complete a series of quests. During these quests, players will encounter enemies that they’ll have to defeat in a turn-based combat system where actions are decided by whatever cards a player has in their hands. Jaws of the Lion greatly simplifies the original game’s experience by squeezing 25 scenarios into a book that doubles as a game board. Players can still use their character’s special abilities to defeat monsters and make narrative decisions, but it’s a much more accessible experience to get budding adventurers into the series. Buy Gloomhaven: Jaws of the Lion on Amazon UK and Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 2. Small World When push turns to shove, players