 involved as either a player or viewer, and whether you're still alive in-game or just an "echo" trying to aid your squadmates from beyond the virtual grave. There's also a couple of fighting games on the list for a more traditional multiplayer game. The 2d Brawlhalla acts a lot like Nintendo's Super Smash Bros. with its focus on vertical and horizontal movement and defeat by ring-outs. Dead or Alive is a 3d fighter, in which you'll spend more time trying to step around your opponents to deliver your deadly strikes in longer combos. If a more solo experience is what you're looking for, you should make a beeline for Genshin Impact. While it has an optional co-op mode, you can enjoy this RPG by yourself, adventuring through its enormous map, discovering its secrets and fighting off bad guys with your magic powers. Today's best Sony PlayStation 5 deals Reduced Price Sony VR 5-Game Bundle with... BLINQ $436.99 $262.09 View Deal View Similar Amazon US Amazon No price information Check Amazon We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices The best free PS4 games to play today 1. Rogue Company (Image credit: Hi-Rez Studios) Sure, this is another competitive shooter with optional microtransactions, but you can get started with the 4v4 objective-based battles for zero dollars. You'll begin a match by skydiving in, but once you're on the ground, there are a couple of things you might be faced with. There will either be a bomb, which you may be tasked with either planting or preventing from being planted, or a series of control points you'll need to capture. Once that's over, the next round will begin, with the chance for you to spend money you've earned that match for various mini-objectives on better guns and new ability upgrades. You have the option of either blowing all your cash at once to try and surprise your enemies with overwhelming firepower, or spending it slowly to keep your power level competitive while holding some back for when you need it most. With regular updates and a realistic but humorous tone, it's got several unique elements that may attract you to it rather than the other games in this highly competitive space. (Image credit: Proletariat Inc.) 2. Spellbreak Forget your guns but bring your magical gauntlets for this battle royale. While it's a smaller scale fight than you might be used to, there is depth to be found thanks to six different battlemage classes and customizable load-outs for unique magical attacks, plus the usual power-ups to battle over around the map. The game boasts a fully realized crossplay system, so you can play and make progress on a single account on PS4 or any of your other current-generation gaming platforms, or just play with friends who don't own the same console. What's more exciting is the promised content that Spellbreak has in store for the future. You can expect more game modes, locations and backstory to be filled in