 will have to throw their weight around in this area-control game Small World has a wide variety of cultures to play as. It can be hard to get along with your neighbours when they insist on muscling over to your home and kicking you out of it. This is the dreadful nightmare land that beginner game Small World presents to its players. Populated by a colourful retinue of creatures, some clearly inspired by classic fantasy - such as orcs and halflings - whilst others are a little more off-the-wall (those ghouls are definitely zombies), Small World is a very chaotic area-control game. Players combine one of the various cultures on offer with a litany of special powers, such as the ability to benefit from squatting on certain types of land. Other powers are on the wackier side, including one that allows your people to fly and another that gives you control over a dragon. Through these combinations, players take turns to spread their chosen peoples across the game board, conquering whatever land they can lay claim to. But as the forces of each army begin to thin, players might find themselves losing interest in their gradually decreasing culture. This is where Small World’s decline mechanic comes into play, as players can choose to put one of two possible peoples into the bin at any point in the game. By pushing an army into decline, the player can benefit from whatever that army achieved and gain a brand new combination of culture and special power to begin conquering with anew. Small World is a fast-paced and easy-to-learn fantasy game that also has rat people in it, which should be enticing enough for anyone to give it a go. Buy Small World on Amazon UK. 3. Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of Ashardalon >An exciting roleplaying adventure squeezed into a smaller board game experience Is it a D&D game if there isn't a dragon in it? Fantasy has been irrevocably altered by Dungeons & Dragons, the tabletop RPG where players make their own characters and venture into a world of magic and monsters. Aside from the fact that D&D is rather popular, it also boasts a fantasy universe ripe for spawning various spin-off games for players looking to get a taste of adventure without having to invest in a full-on roleplaying campaign. Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of Ashardalon serves this exact purpose, providing players with a co-op experience set in the world of the RPG, but featuring pre-built characters and a scenario designed to last around an hour. Turns out this land is populated by dragons - who’d have thought? - and one in particular is causing some trouble. Ashardalon the red dragon lurks within a labyrinth of caves winding their way through a fiery volcano, which the players have decided is worth looking into - presumably for loot. Depending on which character players decide to embody, they’ll have access to unique skills that they’ll be able to improve as they venture further