 into the volcano and vanquish more monsters. As players discover new rooms, they’ll find opportunities to gather loot and experience, all of which will go a long way to helping them in their final confrontation with the mighty Ashardalon waiting at the heart of the dungeon. Dive into the grand-daddy of fantasy with the D&D adventure board game. Buy Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of Ashardalon on Amazon UK and Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 4. Munchkin Prepare to ruin friendships in this brutal fantasy-themed card game There are some very weird creatures lurking in Munchkin's dungeons. Munchkin is a party game that celebrates the many tropes of the fantasy genre. Player characters levelling up? Check. Acquiring new equipment that boosts their stats? Check. Monsters to fight and treasures to acquire? Check. Experience gained by boiling an ant hill? Now, wait a second! Whilst Munchkin does contain a lot of what you’d expect from a fantasy board game, it also has a sense of humour that can result in some surprising elements. It’s this bizarre and cheeky tone that has enabled Munchkin to become such a beloved tabletop title, alongside its accessibility and several licensed versions - including Disney and Critical Role editions. In Munchkin, players begin with a hand of cards that may or may not give them various advantages. These cards could be class cards - rogues, fighters, wizards and such - weapons, wearable equipment or other items, but they won’t necessarily be beneficial. The chaotic nature of Munchkin means that players may be forced to carry pieces of equipment that lower their power stat, which is the main way characters can beat monsters - or do other nasty things. Alternatively, rival players can boost the power of enemies you face just to mess with you, because Munchkin is that kind of game. With every enemy you defeat your character can gain a level and take precious loot, which you can choose to share should you require the assistance of another player. The first character to reach tenth level becomes the winner, which usually means that players will save up their meanest cards for your final battle in an attempt to thoroughly screw you over before inevitably getting screwed themselves. It’s this potential for chaotic backstabbing and hilarity that makes Munchkin an excellent choice for any evening of frivolity. Buy Munchkin on Amazon UK and Amazon US. 5. Legends of Andor Team up to rescue a castle from an incoming army by completing quests The world of Andor is vast, with plenty of locations to explore. This co-op board game begins in a fairly predictable fashion: a kingdom is threatened by war and a band of brave adventurers must protect its people. However, Legends of Andor has more than a few tricks up its sleeves to make it an exceptional fantasy gaming experience. Even though the initial setup might appear to lean into a lot of tropes, Legends of Andor presents