 players with a challenging scenario built around prioritising quests and making difficult decisions. In Legends of Andor, players have a limited amount of time to ensure that the borders of their home are secure before its enemies arrive. With five scenarios to finish, players are working against the advancing army to complete as many objectives as they can to give the castle a fighting chance. As players make their way through the game a legend marker will gradually move forward, with cards being drawn with every advancement. These legend cards can change the entire course of the game - both narratively and gameplay-wise - and, depending on how players react to these alterations, can lead to a completely different final scenario than expected. Whilst each of the first four scenarios in Legends of Andor are pre-determined, the final confrontation with the invading army differs in relation to any heroic acts performed by the players. Therefore, despite the setting of the game being mired in the usual tropes, Legends of Andor introduces plenty of twists and turns in how it deals with player choice and an overarching plotline. Which should make it worth any fantasy enthusiast’s time. Buy Legends of Andor on Amazon UK and Amazon US. 6. Clank! Sneak into a dragon’s lair to steal treasure in a push-your-luck deckbuilder The depths of the dragon's lair contains the best loot. Deep underground there is a dragon who happens to be guarding a very large collection of gold coins and priceless artefacts. The goal of Clank! is to snatch as much of this collection that you can carry before sneaking back up to the surface - preferably not ending up as a pile of smoking ashes. This is easier said than done, as the longer players spend in the dragon’s lair, the more likely it is that they’ll make a cacophony of noises. As a deckbuilding board game, Clank! primarily revolves around players discarding and gaining various cards. These cards are what enable players to do absolutely everything in the game - from moving and fighting to buying more cards - and despite being completely essential, cards also happen to be the main way players gain clanks. Certain cards will give the active player a clank - representing the noise they’ve made - after being bought, whilst others will give clanks after being played. You can even give your enemies clanks. Thanks to the fact that players have to play every card in their hand on their turn, it is inevitable that they’ll be clanking up quite the storm before long. For every clank a player makes, one token of their colour is placed next to a bag. Every so often, certain cards showing a dragon symbol will pop up in the shared market - which means any clank tokens next to the bag are placed inside it, mixed about and randomly drawn. Players take damage for each matching token drawn, with the number drawn depending on exactly how angry the