 dragon is at the time. Make it out alive with the most treasure and you’re golden. Make too much noise and get eaten by a dragon? It’s hopefully obvious why that’s not a good thing. Buy Clank! on Amazon UK and Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 7. Terra Mystica Form entire civilisations by terraforming the land in this epic fantasy board game This dwarf is most certainly off to terraform some land. The world of Terra Mystica is a diverse one. There are 14 different cultures spread across its seven unique landscapes, each with dreams of spreading out and further developing their cities. With this many people all sharing the same ambitions for expansion, there’s bound to be some competition involved. This competition is what Terra Mystica is all about. There can only be one king of the hill in this particular fantasy land, and players will have to carefully manage their resources and upgrade their structures to claim the title. However, it’s not as straightforward as simply walking across to another landscape and laying down the foundations for a new building. Every culture has a particular type of environment that they’re used to living in. You can’t have the giants wading around in lakes, for goodness sakes! They’re most comfortable reclining on a nice boulder in the wastelands. And don’t even suggest putting a halfling in a swamp. This means that players will have to terraform any lands that aren’t suitable for their chosen people before they can begin moving in and building there. Luckily enough, constructing temples can give a player the ability to teach their culture the terraforming skills they need to begin muscling into other territories. Alternatively, players can focus on upgrading their existing buildings to gain better benefits from them, such as turning a dwelling into a trading house - which provides monetary funds to the player. Deciding which buildings to construct, what to upgrade and where to go is all part of what makes Terra Mystica such an engaging fantasy strategy game. Buy Terra Mystica on Amazon UK and Amazon US. 8. Catacombs Flick tokens to fight enemies in an underground labyrinth The third edition of Catacombs introduced a strikingly bold art style. Being a hero doesn’t have to be all about how you brandish a sword or whether you can shoot a fireball out of your hand. It can also be down to whether you can successfully flick a wooden disc at another wooden disc. This is the reality that dexterity game Catacombs posits to its players. Whilst some of the players in Catacombs are heroes, one of them must take on the role of an evil overseer who takes control of the various fantasy monsters that lurk in the tunnels beneath the town of Stormtryne. A semi-cooperative game, Catacombs sees the heroes moving from dusty room to dusty room, clearing out the beasties that reside within. Players can choose to perform a basic attack