 on an enemy - as long as they manage to hit their target with their piece - or attempt to cast a spell or shoot a missile in hopes of inflicting damage and causing an additional status effect. Players can acquire new items and equipment from a merchant that happens to be doing business in an underground crypt. They can even upgrade their existing stuff to improve its damage output or enable them to do new shot types. As soon as the heroes successfully kill all the monsters in a room, they can move further into the catacombs. However, the overseer isn’t going to give the heroes an easy time. After all, they win if they manage to kill off all the other players. Which means that they’re going to need to control every one of their monsters in the best way possible, surrounding their enemies and carrying out brutal shots. Regardless of who wins, the players are bound to have a lot of fun flicking tokens and fighting their way through Catacombs. Buy Catacombs on Elzra. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 9. Shadows Over Camelot Be transported back to medieval times - sort of - in this fantasy co-op game about Arthurian legends The artwork of Shadows Over Camelot depicts the forces of good facing off against evil. It’s time to travel to a period of history that has remained an immensely important source of inspiration for the fantasy genre: the Middle Ages. The reign of King Arthur is one so steeped in mythology that it’s easy to believe that there were actual dragons flying around and maidens living in a lake. (It’s certainly better than the reality, which involved a lot more disease.) It’s this fanciful aspect of English history that semi-co-op board game Shadows Over Camelot chooses to focus on, with each player embodying one of the legendary knights of the Round Table. However, not all the knights in Shadows Over Camelot are necessarily the valiant and chivalrous characters that we’re familiar with - as one of them has turned traitor. Shadows Over Camelot sees players working together to complete various quests, such as retrieving Excalibur from its resting place under the lake and finding the Holy Grail, but it also features a competitive element. Hiding amongst the players is a traitor attempting to subtly thwart the others’ plans. Throughout the game, players will have to discard cards in order to further quest lines and prevent the city from being destroyed by war machines. Players do not need to show exactly what they’re playing and can claim to be discarding any card they like, which allows for a traitor to meddle with the heroes’ attempts at success. This is far from an easy game for the heroic knights to win, as they’ll have to contend with both the traitor’s efforts and the fact that they’re on a pretty strict time limit. Take too long gathering enough successes and Camelot can quickly