 be overwhelmed by siege engines. What’s more, players will have to decide to enact evil every round - choosing either to increase the likelihood of a failed quest, lose health or place a war machine - with the traitor able to use this opportunity to further their goals. However, outing the traitor is incredibly satisfying and goes a long way to making Shadows Over Camelot a tense but thrilling game to play. 10. Welcome to the Dungeon Easy to learn and fun to play, people of all ages will get hooked on this silly fantasy game Each character in Welcome to the Dungeon only has a limited amount of stuff they can bring. What’s a fantasy story without a dungeon to explore? This party game happens to be all about that dungeon-delving lifestyle. Welcome to the Dungeon sees players attempting to prepare a brave hero to venture into an appropriately monster-invested lair in the hopes of making it out alive. Each character in the game is based on a classic fantasy game archetype - the rogue, the wizard, the barbarian and the warrior - with their own set of equipment and abilities designed to deal with the challenges ahead. In the first phase of the game, players take turns to draw a card from the monster deck and decide whether to put it in the dungeon. Any monsters placed in the dungeon will need to be defeated using one of the heroes’ pieces of equipment or abilities. Heroes lose health points if they are ever unable to vanquish an enemy, and are killed if they ever run out of said health points. Players can choose to not put a monster in the dungeon and instead remove a piece of equipment or ability from the hero’s arsenal, in the hopes that they won’t encounter any monsters that require it to be defeated. Alternatively, players can pass their turn and do neither of these things. Players can even choose to deliberately remove a piece of equipment or an ability from a character in order to dissuade their rivals from deciding to venture into the dungeon. When all players have passed their turn except for one, that remaining player must take charge of the second phase of the game by gradually revealing each monster card in the dungeon. Should that player successfully kill all the monsters in the dungeon, they make it out and win that round. Succumb to a monster and the player returns home in disgrace. Any player that achieves two successful rounds wins the entire game. Games of Welcome to the Dungeon can get pretty tense, with successful runs earning a rousing applause and failed attempts ending in groans and/or laughter. Whatever happens, Welcome to the Dungeon is certainly a worthy fantasy-themed addition to anyone’s tabletop library. Buy Welcome to the Dungeon on Amazon UK and Amazon US