 10 best anime board games, from Dragon Ball Super to My Hero Academia
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
Impressive power level.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
From live-action Netflix remakes to multi-million-dollar video games, anime has never been bigger. Anime board games are no exception - from long-running classics including Dragon Ball through to relatively modern contenders such as My Hero Academia, many of the biggest and best anime series have found a comfortable home on the tabletop. It’s little surprise when you consider the fast-paced action, engrossing characters and stories, and incredible visual style that have become hallmarks of the genre. Many of the best anime board games showcase the elements that captured the attention and adoration of fans in the first place, as well as offering a new way to experience their worlds, characters and stories with friends. Best anime board games Dragon Ball Super Card Game: Build your deck, charge up and go Super Saiyan in a head-to-head collectible card game based on the hugely popular series. Cowboy Bebop: Space Serenade: Let’s jam in this stylish deckbuilder set in the universe of the sci-fi western anime. Naruto Boruto Card Game: Go your ninja way as you form your own clan and face your rivals. Death Note: Confrontation: Kira and L play a game of cat-and-mouse in this two-player showdown between killer and detective. My Hero Academia: The Card Game: Recruit superpowered students to your hero agency in this quirky game that's All Might. Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game: The card game that began life in the anime and became a phenomenon in its own right. Attack on Titan: The Last Stand: Cause chaos as a towering 3D titan or try to bring the goliath down as puny humans in this visually impressive one-versus-many game. Sword Art Online Board Game: Sword of Fellows: Try to survive the anime's killer video game with friends in this challenging co-op game. Pok?mon Trading Card Game: Catch 'em all and form your team of pocket monsters in the long-running TCG. Mangaka: Create your own anime-inspired comic strip against the clock in this drawing game. Anime