 tabletop games are also as varied as the genre itself, ranging from head-to-head collectible card games and games packed with miniatures to social deduction games and everything in-between. We’ve picked out some of the best anime board games based on popular series below, as well as games that draw from the genre - or even allow you to create your own. 1. Dragon Ball Super Card Game Characters from the legendary anime throw down in an intense TCG The Dragon Ball Super Card Game features characters from the recent anime series. When it comes to anime, Dragon Ball is perhaps the most iconic. Legendary for its intense battles, planet-destroying attacks and massive, glowing hairdos, it’s a series filled with characters who are both immensely powerful and just a bit goofy. (Including several named after vegetables.) The Dragon Ball Super Card Game brings the fast-paced fights and memorable roster of Dragon Ball’s latest series to the table as a head-to-head card battler in the vein of Magic: The Gathering. Except here, the numbers are much, much bigger - get ready for a lot of “It’s over 9,000!” Players create a deck of 50 to 60 cards filled with characters from the series - including multiple versions of fan-favourite characters such as Son Goku, Vegeta and Trunks - before pitching them in a battle to bring their opponent’s health to zero. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings In keeping with Dragon Ball’s Super Saiyan and Ultra Instinct forms, the card game features the ability for the leader of a deck to awaken, gaining new power and fighting back against a tough opponent. Another unique gameplay element is the opportunity for multiple characters to perform combos, joining forces to increase their power. With illustrations from the anime and the same thrill of watching fights play out - with you in control - it’s an excellent way of revisiting an anime that’s absolutely stood the test of time. Buy Dragon Ball Super Card Game on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 2. Cowboy Bebop: Space Serenade A cut-throat deckbuilder based on the stylish series Players join Spike, Jet and the rest of the Bebop crew as bounty hunters searching the galaxy for targets. If you’re a fan of Cowboy Bebop’s distinctive style - including its incredible soundtrack - and blending of sci-fi and western action, this board game will be music to your ears. Space Serenade sees up to four players join the crew of the Bebop as bounty hunters Spike, Jet, Faye and Ed seeking out targets across the galaxy to earn reputation and outperform their rivals - the other players. The game is a deckbuilder, with players adding to their personal stack of cards each round by acquiring new abilities and characters. The cards allow the players to move from planet to planet by fuelling their spaceship, moving their character miniatures between Earth, Mars and Ganymede to pursue their bounty. After catching criminals through investigation or direct conflict,