 the group must attempt to capture Vicious in a final boss fight - although there’s always the chance he might escape. With a semi-co-operate feel despite the competition between players and artwork that lives up to the punchy look of the anime, Cowboy Bebop: Space Serenade is a perfect tribute to the series for fans. See you on the table, space cowboy. Buy Cowboy Bebop: Space Serenade on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 3. Naruto Boruto Card Game Lead a clan of ninjas to victory in this combo-heavy card game The Naruto Boruto Card Game covers the original Naruto anime, as well as Shippuden and Naruto Boruto, in two compatible sets. Bringing together the original Naruto, Naruto Shippuden and Naruto Boruto in a single game, this card game allows players to build their own ninja team from the anime’s cast of characters - including Team 7, the later Boruto generation and the Uchiha clan. Powering the game’s battles is the Chrono Clash system, which allows players to push a central track back and forth by spending ‘time’ to play cards, performing impressive attacks and combos. More powerful cards cost more time, which allows their opponent to play more or more powerful cards on their turn. It means that any card can be played from the first turn, rather than having to build up resources similar to MTG’s mana, so players can dive straight into the action. Players can also summon fearsome fighters by discarding cards from the field, working their way through their opponent’s guardian cards - which are revealed and trigger effects as they take damage - to claim victory. The card game itself is split into Shippuden and Boruto sets, which can be played individually or combined together for a full collection. The anime boxes are also compatible with other Chrono Clash games, so you can even see how Naruto, Boruto, Sasuke and more might stack up against Godzilla if your heart desires. Believe it! Buy Naruto Boruto Card Game on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 4. Death Note: Confrontation Become killer or detective in a cat-and-mouse chase between Kira and L Confrontation puts the anime's showdown between killer and detective at its centre. As a manga and anime, Death Note is a dark, twisted tale of deception, mystery and murder. It only makes sense that its board game would be equally tense as two players take on the roles of killer Kira and detective L in a cat-and-mouse chase to outwit each other. L is trying to lure Kira toward targets to work out the killer’s location - and the true identity of the merciless murderer. Meanwhile, Kira must evade L as he works to eliminate those on his list and escape being brought to justice. If Kira earns enough victory points by writing targets’ names in the notebook before L deduces his identity and captures him, the killer wins. Confrontation lets you actually write in a notebook during the game for an added lick of flavour,