 throughout the game's life, according to the developers' promises. (Image credit: Shanghai miHoYo YingTie Technology) 3. Genshin Impact The Seven gods of Tevyat hold many secrets. Having woken up in this new world with no knowledge of it, and separated from your brother or sister, the answers to your predicament must be in their hands. You'll have to travel around Tevyat to find these deities, with your weapon of choice being the seven magical elements that the gods represent. You'll also be able to traverse the landscape freely by land, water and air as the weather above you dynamically changes. Plus you can join up with up to three others to form a squad of adventurers. This game is compared to Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and with good reason. So if you're looking for an RPG with a focus on exploration and magical combat that also happens to be free, then you really should take a look at this one. (Image credit: Ubisoft) 4. Hyperscape The newest battle royale on the block which wants to get both players and spectators involved in the action. As a competitor in Crown Rush, the game world's virtual free-for-all battle, you face off against 99 other players in a shrinking area of the map, finding weapons and other special items to ensure your survival. But when you get to the final round, you can either eliminate your remaining opponents, or possess the 'Crown' for 45 seconds to claim victory. Even if you do happen to die earlier in the round, you can still take part as an "echo", alerting your squadmates to incoming danger. Keeping everyone on their toes are automatic map modifications that shake up the game. If you happen to play with, or indeed be, a game streamer, you get to make use of chat voting to influence which of the conditions come into effect. This all makes sure there are memorable moments for everyone involved until the very end of the game, not just 98 bored spectators waiting for two players to duke it out. (Image credit: Gaijin Entertainment) 5. Cuisine Royale If even the cartoon style of Fortnite is too serious for you, then Cuisine Royale is a particularly strange cooking-based take on the battle royale genre. After spawning randomly on the map, you have to scramble for weapons and the safe zone like normal, except your offensive abilities are augmented by kill-powered magic abilities, and your armor is made of both actual vests and plating and kitchen equipment. There's a couple of different maps to play on, and both are filled with a decent variety of biomes and hazards to navigate. You'll be doing this either alone or in a squad of four, with built-in ping features allowing you to easily communicate even if you're not using a gaming headset. It's a less epic (no pun intended) experience than other popular BR games, but the exciting squad vs squad fights combined with the game's bizarre added