 with both players secretly moving around a map during the day, choosing between potential locations, while trying to either avoid or corner their opponent. As the game progresses, the characters are able to call upon special abilities - natural intuition in the case of the legendary detective, or the god-like power of Ryuk when Kira bribes the shinigami with apples - which keep the tensions running high through its tight half-an-hour play time. Only playable with two people, Death Note: Confrontation lives up to its name - and subtitle - with a brilliant showdown between two genius minds. It’s an experience to kill for. Buy Death Note: Confrontation on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 5. My Hero Academia: The Card Game Pick the right quirks to form the mightiest hero agency in town Recruit superpowered students and complete missions to prove your hero agency is the best in the anime-inspired card game. My Hero Academia: The Card Game follows a similar premise to the hugely popular anime, as players take control of hero agencies looking to recruit superpowered students from U.A. High School. By choosing students with the right quicks - their powerful abilities, for those new to the series - players can then send their students on missions to earn their reputation as the best hero agency around. By using attacks, movement and other action cards, each agency will be able to complete their mission cards and earn points, going from passing the school entrance exam and actually forming their team to taking on mighty opponents and more. The game includes colourful visuals and screenshots from the anime itself, making it a fitting way to explore the universe and its characters in a new way. If you’re a fan of My Hero Academia and have been wondering how to continue your love of the series on the tabletop, it is fine now, because I am here! Buy My Hero Academia: The Card Game on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 6. Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game A card game that started life in an anime and became its own phenomenon The Yu-Gi-Oh! TCG is based on the anime's card game Duel Monsters. Yu-Gi-Oh! has the rare distinction of being a card game that actually existed in the anime itself before becoming a real game, first appearing in the manga and TV show as Duel Monsters. The Yu-Gi-Oh! card game has arguably ended up becoming better-known than the anime, standing alongside Magic: The Gathering and Pok?mon as one of the few collectible card games from the 1990s to still be going strong more than 20 years later. That comes down to the game itself, which captures the anime’s thrill of summoning powerful monsters to do battle on the field - as well as the enduring fun of shouting “You just activated my trap card!” To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Players play monsters using a variety of different summoning methods - some of which even involve sacrificing