 cards you already have out - and cast spells and traps to whittle their opponent’s life points down to zero. Like the anime, the numbers and monster names are all part of the appeal, with attack and defence values in the thousands and card names such as Nefarious Archfiend Eater of Nefariousness. While the main Yu-Gi-Oh! card game continues to keep long-term fans happy by keeping up with the new summon techniques and monsters from the anime, the game has also seen some beginner-friendly spin-offs in recent years, including the five-minute Speed Duel, that makes it easy to jump into if you’re new. Buy Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 7. Attack on Titan: The Last Stand Try to topple a towering giant - or take control of it One player controls the massive titan, while the rest of the group try to bring it down. In both the Attack on Titan manga and anime series, the titans are terrifying. They tower over humans, wreaking havoc and causing endless bloodshed. Rather than lose some of that fearsome size in a load of flat cards and tiles, Attack on Titan: The Last Stand features a titan who actually stands up from the table, giving an impressive sense of 3D verticality to the board game’s action. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Even better, one player gets to control the titan itself as it fends off attacks from the rest of the players, who aim to bring it down before it destroys a supply depot. The titan players must choose between cards each round, which the players must match with dice rolls to avoid. The other players don’t miss out on the 3D fun, either, with a castle on which they can tactically position familiar characters from the anime as they defend against the titan, looking to weaken and finally land a killing blow. The Last Stand’s gameplay comes from the minds of 7 Wonders creator Antoine Bauza and Cash ‘n Guns designer Ludovic Maublanc, giving it some notable substance behind its impressive presentation, too. It’s an anime board game that stands up in every sense of the word. Buy Attack on Titan: The Last Stand on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 8. Sword Art Online Board Game: Sword of Fellows Survive virtual reality in this faithful anime adaptation from the creator of Love Letter Sword of Fellows is seriously tough, but you get to face its co-op challenges with friends. Sword Art Online is an anime about total immersion. The acclaimed series follows Kirito as he discovers the terrible secret of the virtual reality massively multiplayer online roleplaying game - or VRMMORPG, for “short” - that gives the original novels and anime its name. The disturbing revelation? If you die in the video game, you die in real life - and the only way to log off safely is to survive 100 gruelling floors of challenges and beat the game. With SAO