 putting complete immersion - to the point of tragedy - at its heart, it seems right that the board game based on the anime sticks so closely to the atmosphere and drama of the story. With gameplay from Seiji Kanai, creator of beloved party game Love Letter, it’s a similarly social and high-stakes experience for anime fans. In the co-op game, up to four players join forces and enter the virtual world of Aincrad - or a single player can venture in alone. Taking on the roles of characters from the anime, each player has a unique way of fighting they’ll need to use to defeat enemies and survive. Players roll dice to perform attacks, pulling off combos by combining their sword skills and abilities to deal enough damage and overcome their foes. If they manage to make it to the end of the game, they’ll have to face one last final boss in order to make it out alive. Sword of Fellows’ dice-based gameplay is easy to learn, but its challenging difficulty means that there’s plenty of room to learn how to work with your companions and use your character’s unique abilities to finally triumph. It’s a challenging, tense board game that captures the against-all-odds feel of the anime. It also only takes 30 minutes to play, meaning you can always squeeze in another run with friends - hoping to finally emerge victorious this time. Buy Sword Art Online Board Game: Sword of Fellows on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 9. Pok?mon Trading Card Game Catch ‘em all and then battle rival trainers If you've played the video games, the Pok?mon card game's rules will be very easy to pick up. Between Pok?mon Go, Detective Pikachu and the latest video games for the Nintendo Switch, Pok?mon continues to be huge. Not bad for a series that started nearly 30 years ago with a yellow electric mouse. While the world of Pok?mon started with the video games on Game Boy, its success saw it quickly turned into a long-running anime series and the Pok?mon Trading Card Game, which has kept pace with the series as a whole with new sets, gameplay elements and, of course, hundreds of new Pok?mon to catch (or collect). Whether you were a fan of the TV show or the video games first, the Pok?mon card game perfectly captures the excitement of forming your team of pocket monsters and facing off against rival trainers in a battle of elements, evolutions and eliminations. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings The card game packs everything great about Pok?mon into a single match, with players able to evolve their Pok?mon, power them up with energy cards and unleash powerful moves to knock out their opponent’s own team. If you’ve played any of the video games or seen the anime, you’ll find learning to play the Pok?mon TCG very easy, with simplified rules compared to other card games such as Magic: The Gathering and the