 appeal of filling out your Pok?dex. Cards aren’t just limited to basic Pok?mon either, with Tag Team cards pairing up Pok?mon not seen in the anime of video games, Pok?mon EX and GX cards featuring even more powerful variants, and new VMax cards supersizing Pok?mon similar to the Gigantamax versions seen in Pok?mon Sword and Shield. Best of all, you can check out the Pok?mon TCG for free using its online app before you invest in starting a physical collection of cards - and with nearly 900 Pok?mon out there, you’d better start sooner rather than later if you plan to catch ‘em all. Buy Pok?mon Trading Card Game on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 10. Mangaka Create your own anime-inspired comics in this drawing game It might not be based on an anime, but Mangaka lets you draw your own comics inspired by the genre. We’ll admit: we’re making an exception here. While not directly based on an existing anime, Mangaka is heavily inspired by manga and anime tropes - and it’s a lot of fun, so it’s absolutely worth your attention if you’re a fan of anime. Mangaka is a drawing game similar to Pictionary, except here everything you draw will be inspired by themes and trends inspired by manga, anime and other genres. As its name suggests, Mangaka sees players become manga artists creating their very own comic strips. Your comic might be about kaiju, robots or even baseball, and feature elements of romance, sci-fi, childhood friends, fantasy or more surprising aspects such as fine arts. The players each get five minutes to draw their manga-style comic, trying to please their readers by including aspects matching the revealed theme and trend cards, while also trying to avoid using speech bubbles. The more elements they successfully include, the more fame they’ll earn. With each round, the artists will need to complete a greater number of panels while satisfying more revealed trends, leading to a frantic rush to complete a full comic in a matter of minutes. What makes Mangaka special and satisfying - and especially entertaining with fans of manga and anime, but also comics and cartoons in general - is the need to present your full comic strip at the end of each round. The shared themes and trends lead to comics that are proper micro stories and jokes, instead of just random pictures. It’s also a game that clearly understands manga and anime fans, with the cards feeling genuine to the genre’s defining traits. All of this means that Mangaka is deserving of a place among the best anime board games. While it’s not a game based on a specific manga or anime, it goes one step further and allows you to create your own memorable characters, worlds and stories. Who knows, maybe it’ll even inspire you to come up with the next hit series. Buy Mangaka on Amazon US and Amazon UK.