 hilarious spin-off from the classic Rock, Paper, Scissors, with plenty of twists. Dungeons & Dragons: Waterdeep - Dungeon of the Mad Mage: Another entry in the D&D Adventure System series that sees players exploring a dangerous labyrinth. Dragonfire: This co-operative board game has players using deckbuilding to travel across the Sword Coast and beyond. Three-Dragon Ante: Legendary Edition: Based on a card game that was created within the D&D universe, players can bet their gold to win big. Vault of Dragons: A Dungeons & Dragons board game that enables players to indulge their most greedy desires whilst hunting for hidden gold. Whether you’re looking for a condensed version of the beloved RPG, allowing you to have an adventure without all the effort of character creation and a multi-hour campaign, or just a new perspective on the world of D&D, this list of the best D&D games has plenty to choose from. With everything from heavy deckbuilding to new family games, it’s the equivalent of a Bag of Holding filled to the brim with recommendations. 1. Tyrants of the Underdark An intense deckbuilding game about backstabbing drow You have access to various allies and subjects to call upon. As brilliant as the world-building in Dungeons & Dragons often is - from the creepy jungles of Chult to the steampunk aesthetic of Eberron - there are aspects of the tabletop roleplaying game that feel somewhat dated and problematic. The drow are a prime example of this disappointing regressiveness. They’re a race in the Forgotten Realms, the main setting of D&D 5E, portrayed as almost unanimously evil. Depicted as being power-hungry and downright rotten, the drow worship an evil spider goddess and go about killing anyone who doesn’t. Despite somewhat indulging in this troubling generalisation, Tyrants of the Underdark at least gives players the opportunity to embody the drow and sees things from their perspective. The majority of drow live in the Underdark, an enormous city underneath the Sword Coast occupied by various powerful houses warring for control over wealth, land and influence. In this deckbuilding game, each player assumes control of one of these houses and attempts to assert their dominance over the Underdark by gaining territories, recruiting important allies, getting minions inducted into the inner circle and performing assassinations. All these delightful activities are completed with the aim of gaining more points than your rivals, with plenty of opportunities to be positively nasty to each other throughout the game. Players can use their deck to summon various minions to the game board, using whatever influence they can claim to gradually build up their deck. Tyrants of the Underdark is certainly one of the more complicated Dungeons & Dragons board games out there, so it’s not necessarily the best beginner game if you’re new to the tabletop. But there is something incredibly satisfying about seeing your drow house gradually grow in strength and spread across the board - which makes Tyrants a fantastic D&D game. To see this content please enable targeting