 cookies. Manage cookie settings Players: 2-4 players Age: 14+ Playtime: 60 minutes Best for: D&D players looking for a challenge Buy Tyrants of the Underdark on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 2. Lords of Waterdeep A now-classic D&D board game about infiltration and intrigue set in an iconic location Decide where in Waterdeep you're going to assign your meeples to We now travel from a city underground to a city on the surface with Lords of Waterdeep, a Dungeons & Dragons spin-off set in the thriving heart of the Forgotten Realms. Though the average adventurer might enjoy the city’s grand architecture and shopping opportunities, the seedier individual may take advantage of the darker side of Waterdeep - with plenty of backdoor dealings and skulduggery afoot. There’s wealth to be found in Waterdeep for those masked lords willing to get their hands dirty, but whether players are prepared to indulge in the trickery and intrigue required to win is another matter entirely. As masked lords of Waterdeep - the secret rulers of the city - you’ll be competing with each other to spread your influence, whether by feeding the city’s growth or leeching the success of others. By gathering and assigning resources, players can perform actions to further cement their power in Waterdeep, obtaining new buildings that enable additional options and completing certain objectives for rewards. True to its scheming theme, players can choose to put their efforts towards playing intrigue cards designed to thwart the plans of their rival lords. Alternatively, they can always decide to work alongside another player for the good of both their plans - only up to a certain point, of course. The moment when all the pieces come together and you begin to see the wealth and influence flow into your pockets is where Lords of Waterdeep really hits the spot. There’s nothing quite like watching your opponents’ plans crumble, whilst your own schemes come to fruition. Players: 2-5 players Age: 12+ Playtime: 60-120 minutes Best for: Anyone who’s ever wanted to say the words “You’ve fallen for my scheme!” Buy Lords of Waterdeep on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 3. Dungeon Mayhem A lighthearted battle to be the last hero standing Dungeon Mayhem's distinctive art style is by Kyle Ferrin With all the above being a tad heavier when it comes to theme and gameplay, it’s about time we talk about something a little more light. Dungeon Mayhem is a party game about silly characters using wacky abilities to eliminate every single one of their opponents as fast as physically possible. Okay, maybe Dungeon Mayhem isn’t quite as cute as it initially appears, what with its adorable art style - by none other than Root artist Kyle Ferrin - and witty writing. That said, it’s a more relaxed experience than many of the other Dungeons & Dragons games on this list. If you can understand how the combat in a session of D&D 5E works, Dungeon Mayhem will be a piece of cake. There are several classic Dungeons