 & Dragons character classes to choose from in Dungeon Mayhem - your rogue, wizard, barbarian and such - each with their own ridiculous names or titles and unique set of abilities to use. These abilities are represented by a deck of cards that enable players to do positively awful things to their opponents’ characters in order to survive, like a D&D battle royale. For example, Azzan the Mystic - who’s actually a wizard - can swap their hit points with an opponent by playing the Vampiric Touch card, a game-changer if used at the right time. As each opponent falls by the wayside, drained of their hit points and their pride, the tension mounts until the last couple of players are left remaining - which often leads to some of the most ridiculous moments in the game. Dungeon Mayhem is a quick game that nevertheless offers up a lot of fun to be had by D&D enthusiasts. Players: 2-4 players Age: 8+ Playtime: 10 minutes Best for: Playing during D&D toilet breaks Buy Dungeon Mayhem on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 4. Dungeons & Dragons: Tomb of Annihilation Board Game Players don't know what to expect when stepping into Chult Trek through the jungles of Chult in this game based on the popular D&D sourcebook The cover art of Dungeons & Dragons: Tomb of Annihilation should give you a good idea of what you’re getting into: a gross mummy snake-man slithering around in a swamp filled with other gross mummy snake-people. Heavily inspired by the D&D sourcebook of the same name, Tomb of Annihilation is a horror game that sees players exploring the swamps and jungles of one of the most unwelcoming settings in Dungeons & Dragons history: Chult. But unlike the hefty D&D sourcebook, the Tomb of Annihilation board game provides a stripped-back adventure for players to enjoy. The co-op game invites players to grab a pair of wellies and wade through the muck and the fetid swamplands of Chult in search of the fabled Tomb of the Nine Gods - a most definitely haunted location that might also contain some treasure. Having made the questionable decision to take up the quest, the party must work together to survive Chult’s various dangers and battle against the horrid creatures that reside within its depths. (Snake-man should give you a good idea of what to expect here.) The Tomb of Annihilation board game comes with an adventure book to help add narrative flavour to the players’ actions, whilst still keeping things a relatively more streamlined path than a standard D&D campaign. If you ever fancied playing some Dungeons & Dragons but didn't quite have the time or the energy to play through an actual tabletop roleplaying game, Tomb of Annihilation should provide an appropriately spooky alternative. If you can handle its scares, that is. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Players: 1-5 players Age: 14+ Playtime: 60 minutes Best for: When you want adventure but not a full-on