 D&D campaign Buy Dungeons & Dragons: Tomb of Annihilation on Amazon UK. 5. Betrayal at Baldur’s Gate The crossover that nobody asked for, but nearly everyone likes Betrayal at Baldur's Gate combines horror mechanics with a fantasy setting Betrayal at House on the Hill is a bonafide modern tabletop classic. Combining a pulpy horror aesthetic with a traitor mechanic - considered a unique element at the time - the haunted house adventure won over the hearts and minds of horror game fans everywhere. Or, at least, most of them. Fast-forward about 15 years or so, and the tabletop world is suddenly introduced to a standalone sequel set in the city of Baldur’s Gate - a setting introduced in the nineties video game series set in the world of Dungeons & Dragons. Betrayal at Baldur’s Gate is arguably one of the most unexpected board game crossovers out there, combining much of the original Betrayal’s mechanics with an entirely new fantasy aesthetic. Despite this, the game cleverly melds the two properties together to something that feels like it should have always existed. As with the original co-op board game, Betrayal at Baldur’s Gate begins with all players working together to explore the game’s location - this time a fantasy city, rather than a haunted house. As players uncover more of its dark alleyways and sketchy underbelly, they’ll begin to witness disturbing goings-on that whisper of the workings of Bhaal, a murderous deity that seeks to establish itself on the mortal plane. Safe to say, the introduction of a murder god isn’t good news for the more innocent members of the adventuring party. As for the more guilty individuals? Well, at some point in the game you might get a chance to turn on your teammates and enact Bhaal’s terrible bidding. With 50 different possible scenarios on offer, picking up Betrayal at Baldur’s Gate isn’t a half-bad idea if you’re looking for something a little more unusual. It’s a brilliant video game board game and one of the best Dungeons & Dragons games to boot. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Players: 3-6 players Age: 12+ Playtime: 60 minutes Best for: Lovers of horror, video games and Dungeons & Dragons Buy Betrayal at Baldur's Gate on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 6. Dungeons & Dragons: Attack Wing Battle for the skies as the RPG’s most iconic creatures in this tactical miniatures game These ferocious beasts come in multiple colours and styles There are many creatures in the world of Dungeons & Dragons, yet from beholders to awakened shrubs there’s arguably no being more associated with the roleplaying game than the mighty dragon. As well as being directly name-dropped in the title, dragons are essentially the poster star of the D&D universe, dominating the cover of the Dungeons & Dragons 5E Player’s Handbook and playing a significant role in the RPG’s lore. Dungeons & Dragons: Attack Wing gives players other than the dungeon master the opportunity to embody these incredible beasts