 first-person shooters by including several character classes, like healers and tanks, with characters that might not even use guns. Some “heroes” rely on deft reflexes and precise aiming, while others get your teammates the health, shielding, and buffs they need to survive. Overwatch’s diverse roster of heroes offers a playstyle for everyone—even people who have never touched a shooter. And once you find your groove, the skill ceiling is endlessly high. There’s always more to learn. Divinity: Original Sin 2 Windows, PS4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One Some of the best game writing and voice acting around makes Divinity: Original Sin 2 so much more than an excellent tactics game. Although it’s most popular as a single-player game, and a long one at that, Divinity: Original Sin 2 accommodates parties of up to three players through its many-leveled plot and environments. And although it’s a pretty high-brow RPG, it’s got a very no-holds-barred vibe: Players can use the terrain and nearby objects to, say, light a vat of oil on fire or section off an area with electricity. It’s creative, consuming, and deeply complex. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare’s Warzone Windows, PS4, Xbox One This just-released, free-to-play battle royale game combines all the best things about top genre hits like Fortnite, Apex Legends, and PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. It’s your typical survival shooter: 150 players drop onto a map and have to gun each other down to be the last one standing as a gas cloud closes in. It’s also got some quality-of-life additions that make it a little stickier than previous battle royale games, like cash that players can exchange for teammates’ lives. Battle royale games are fun, but they’re best enjoyed as background to a conversation with friends over voice chat. Adding to Warzone’s bro-feel is how easy it is to team up with friends using different systems. Stardew Valley Windows, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One Courtesy ConcernedApe
As anxious tweets and Facebook posts fill your feeds, peace and tranquility are more welcome than ever. Stardew Valley is the bucolic fantasy you need in your life right now. The game casts you as a city person who moves to the valley to take over your grandpa’s plot of land and farm it. You are tasked with making that plot fertile and verdant and beautiful and lush. You do this small task by small task, and you can go on forever, making your farm more and more perfect. It’s methodical and relaxing, and as of 2018, it’s cooperative as well. Stardew Valley has a multiplayer mode where you can build out your farms in unison alongside three friends. World of Warcraft Classic Windows If you’ve always been curious about the cultural phenomenon that is World of Warcraft, but too intimidated by the heaping mass of content that has been accumulating in the game since 2004, try World of Warcraft Classic. It’s the game as it was before its first expansion: hardcore fantasy with sword-and-sorcery combat. Organize a band of Horde hooligans and