 powerups and dangers provide tactical challenges and funny gameplay moments. (Image credit: Activision) 6. Call of Duty: Warzone You don't need to have another CoD game on your PS4 to access Warzone, the franchise's take on the battle royale genre. When you boot up the game and dive out of the plane into the game map, you'll find yourself in a 150-player battle, on a huge island made of components taken from classic maps from the franchise. And when you take a fatal hit, you have a second chance in the form of the Gulag, a 1v1 match in a cramped environment against another player looking for a free rez. You can pick from two different game modes: the standard Deathmatch which puts you in small squads to take on everyone else while the playable area slowly shrinks, and also Plunder mode, which tasks you with completing certain tasks to earn cash that you then need to extract from the map before it's taken. Overall, there's plenty here to convince a Fortnite or PUBG fan to try a different game for once. (Image credit: Hi-Rez Studios) 7. Smite Most MOBA games place you as an aerial observer of the battlefield, but Smite puts you right behind your chosen character, who will be one of hundreds of gods from pantheons around the world. You stride, pounce or fly into battle against opposing heroes and their minions to destroy their Titan and win the match, taking out towers along the way. Smite is easy to pick up thanks to automatic settings for leveling your character’s abilities up and buying key items. but there’s plenty of depth and tactical enjoyment too once you turn off these settings, and look around the enormous 108 character roster for your favorite champions in each role. This MOBA/third-person action game combo is a unique experience with a well-executed theme, and one that might help fans of either genre appreciate the other. (Image credit: Bandai Namco Entertainment America) 8. Mobile Suit Gundam: Battle Operation 2 You don’t need to have kept up with the enormous Gundam franchise of movies, TV shows and other games to enjoy this multiplayer game. Two teams of six head out onto the battlefield either on foot or in one of the series’ titular mechanical battle suits.. This sequel also adds the option to leave the planet and fight in space, adding a whole new dimension to the fight. You can unlock more and more suits as you play, or pay with real money to unlock one of the 130 available mechas that takes your fancy straight away. The interactive lobby lets you meet up with other players to show off your collection, make upgrades and plan for the next battle. The developers are adding more and more content and holding special events too, so there's always something new to check out. (Image credit: Hainan Legendkey Network Technology Co.) 9. Genesis It’s hard to find a MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) title on consoles,