 as they dogfight in an epic sky battle. Attack Wing uses the same FlightPath system designed for Star Wars: X-Wing. Players select which dragon they want to play as - each with unique attack options and capabilities - before placing them on the table. The players take turns to secretly decide how and where their dragon will move, before revealing their actions and engaging in brutal combat should they be in range. Each player has their own set of manoeuvre dials, which they assign to their creatures - battles can feature more than just dragons - and set to indicate their direction and speed. The hidden element of the planning phase allows players to really get inside their opponents’ heads and think carefully about what their next move should be, with the tension making for an exciting experience. The miniatures nature of Attack Wing and its presentation might put fresh-faced players off, but once you get your head around the system it’s slick and quick to play. After all, there’s a reason why X-Wing is as popular as it is, and it’s not just because of the Star Wars licence. (Though that certainly helps.) Attack Wing proves there’s no reason the thrill and action of spaceship dogfights can’t be applied to dragon battles as well. Players: 2+ players Age: 14+ Playtime: 30 minutes Best for: D&D players who want to control a dragon Buy Dungeons & Dragons: Attack Wing on the Attack Wing website. 7. Dungeons & Dragons: Rock, Paper, Wizard A chaotic party game as wizards duel over a dragon’s gold Challenge your friends to a quick-draw party game about casting spells A group of adventurers defeat a monster and argue over who gets what from the loot pile. Sound familiar? That’s because pretty much every D&D party that’s ever existed has found themselves in this scenario. Dungeons & Dragons: Rock, Paper, Wizard channels this shared experience in a very literal way with an entire game about fighting over a dragon’s hoard of gold. In this case, players can indulge their selfish impulses as much as they like without facing serious consequences in an ongoing roleplaying campaign. Rock, Paper, Wizard is a party game in which players all simultaneously choose a spell to cast at an opponent, before yelling its name and performing the correct hand gesture at their target. For example, Dominate Person - a classic D&D spell - requires the player to say the spell’s name and curl a figure towards themselves in a ‘come hither’ way to be successfully cast. If it works, they can push their intended target two spaces away from the gold pile and steal a gold piece from them as well. All of this is in service of the players’ greed, as they attempt to get close enough to the gold pile to take from it, whilst preventing others from doing the same. Magic can be unpredictable and some spells will have a lasting impact on the following turn, so players will