 have to think carefully about what they cast and whom they cast it at. What makes Rock, Paper, Wizard such a great Dungeons & Dragons game is that it captures the essence of the roleplaying game and condenses it into a half-hour party game. There’s still plenty of room for roleplay and silliness, but in a much tighter and - probably - more chaotic experience. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Players: 3-6 players Age: 14+ Playtime: 30 minutes Best for: Attacking fellow party members without consequences Buy Dungeons & Dragons: Rock, Paper, Wizard on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 8. Dungeons & Dragons: Waterdeep - Dungeon of the Mad Mage Discover the secrets to an underground dungeon The monsters in this adventure game are unpleasant, to say the least Dungeons & Dragons: Waterdeep - Dungeon of the Mad Mage, a title that really rolls off the tongue, is another entry in the D&D Adventure System board game series - this time transporting players to the labyrinth of a morally dubious mage. As with Tomb of Annihilation, Dungeon of the Mad Mage is based on an existing Dungeons & Dragons sourcebook and depicts a location that most people would choose not to venture into. Seeing as D&D adventurers often have a habit of visiting unpleasant places, you might already be aware of this. If danger is what you’re looking for, then Dungeon of the Mad Mage has it in droves - or at least, an imaginary version of it. A co-op adventure game set beneath the city of Waterdeep, Dungeon of the Mad Mage sees players facing off against the machinations of Halaster Blackcloak, a magic user who has built an underground dungeon called Undermountain. If it wasn’t obvious already, Blackcloak is up to no good in this labyrinth and it’s up to the players to work together to stop his evil schemes. You’ll be able to have a different narrative and gameplay experience depending on which scenario you choose to play from the adventure book. If you happen to possess a copy of the Tomb of Annihilation board game - as well as any other of the previously released D&D Adventure System instalments - you can combine components with Dungeon of the Mad Mage to create an even more unique gameplay experience. As with Tomb of Annihilation, Dungeon of the Mad Mage is a great way to engage with D&D without having to do a lot of the busy work required to play the RPG. Not to say that playing Dungeons & Dragons isn’t worth the effort, but sometimes you want that feeling of adventure in a nice streamlined package - exactly what Dungeon of the Mad Mage provides. Players: 1-5 players Age: 14+ Playtime: 60 minutes Best for: Scratching the D&D itch without all the hassle Buy Dungeons & Dragons: Waterdeep - Dungeon of the Mad Mage on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 9. Dragonfire Embark on an exciting deckbuilding adventure across the Forgotten Realms This deckbuilding