 game is packed full of character possibilities Who knew that the Dungeons & Dragons universe had such a collection of fine deckbuilding games? If Tyrants of the Underdark sounds a little too much for you, then you can still get your deckbuilding kicks by playing Dragonfire - a co-operative card game that follows the more familiar patterns of D&D. Roleplaying is the reason we play Dungeons & Dragons in the first place, but sometimes you want the adventuring elements to be combined with a more straightforward set of mechanics. As with almost any D&D campaign, players begin Dragonfire by selecting what race and class their character is going to be - such as a half-orc cleric or human wizard - before setting off with whatever equipment, items, abilities and spells they have to hand. Unlike any Dungeons & Dragons campaign, a player’s equipment, items, abilities and spells are represented by a deck of cards that players gradually develop throughout their adventure. This co-op board game rewards players with more powerful cards to add to their arsenal, giving them a sense of genuine progression as they defeat more dangerous foes and complete more ambitious quests. The core experience of Dragonfire is made up of a series of storylines that take characters everywhere from the city of Waterdeep to the land of Neverwinter and beyond - like an ultimate tour of the Forgotten Realms. Deckbuilding games are a genre of tabletop that I’m incredibly fond of because they’re often so satisfying to play, and Dragonfire is no different. You’ll still get that sense of character development you find in the D&D tabletop roleplaying game, but in a wonderfully different way that feels equally rewarding. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Players: 2-6 players Age: 13+ Playtime: 60-90 minutes Best for: Building card decks and D&D characters Buy Dragonfire on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 10. Three-Dragon Ante: Legendary Edition A fictional card game turned real Each dragon and mortal has a different special ability Dungeons & Dragons has some really interesting pieces of lore to its name, some of which have taken on a life outside of the tabletop RPG. One such example of this is the in-universe card game Three-Dragon Ante, which is based on various gambling games that featured in D&D campaigns of ages past. Originally released in 2005, Three-Dragon Ante is a card game that serves the dual purpose of being a fun diversion to enjoy and an activity you can actually do during a campaign of Dungeons & Dragons. This party board game is a combination of various well-known card games - such as poker and rummy - squeezed into a game where you can imagine all the gold you could be making, if you were playing with actual gold. (If you are, then that's some serious dedication to roleplay.) Players begin the game with 50 ‘gold pieces’ that they can choose to stake on a series of gambits, made up of three rounds of