 play. Once players have placed their bets for that gambit they draw two cards and choose to play one - cards can be dragons or mortals, and each type has its own special ability that can help players to draw additional cards or take gold from their opponents. Playing a card that is of equal or lesser value than the one before it causes its ability to trigger, but it is often the higher cards that will ultimately win players the game. Once the three rounds are over, whichever player has the highest-numbered flight of cards is the winner of that gambit. As with many gambling games, while Three-Dragon Ante does involve skill and strategy, it is largely about luck and how far players are willing to go to maximise their winnings. Just like D&D, you can play Three-Dragon Ante without worrying about the consequences of not winning and losing a pile of actual gold down the drain. Players: 2-6 players Age: 14+ Playtime: 30 minutes Best for: Playing a game within a game. Buy Three-Dragon Ante: Legendary Edition on Amazon US. 11. Vault of Dragons A clash of factions over a pile of gold Every room in the undergroun dungeon has rewards and challenges We’re circling back round to Waterdeep for the final entry in this list, because it seems all roads lead back to the Forgotten Realms’ most infamous city. Vault of Dragons is a D&D board game about - what else? - a bunch of people fighting over piles of money. Based on D&D 5E sourcebook Waterdeep: Dragon Heist, Vault of Dragons involves an underground dungeon filled to the brim with gold pieces - or ‘dragons’, as they’re known within Waterdeep. These dragons have been stolen from various individuals throughout the city, and you, along with a number of other factions, want to get your hands on it. That means venturing into the depths of Waterdeep with your band of followers in order to grab it before anyone else does. Inside the dungeon is a series of rooms containing various rewards to take, secrets to uncover and - of course - enemies to fight. Above ground, the city proper has plenty of opportunities to help adventurers gain the upper hand by fulfilling quests, collecting money, purchasing magical items and more besides. Each new location you control in the city of Waterdeep gives you benefits - such as the ones listed above - but players will need to be careful not to get on the wrong side of the City Watch. Once a player has successfully uncovered a total of three secrets within the underground dungeon, they can reveal the location of the vault and attempt to open it by rolling a 20 or more. With the vault revealed, other players can attempt to open it as well - leading to an inevitable roll-off between the different factions. Dungeons & Dragons adventure games may be a dime a dozen, but that doesn’t mean Vault of Dragons doesn’t stand