 10 best worker-placement games
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
Take your places.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
Worker-placement board games offer extremely strategic play experiences, pushing players to devise complex tactics to make the most out of every move. You’ll need to plan ahead to come up with the best ways to earn resources and points while also being nimble enough to change course if another player interferes. The themes of worker-placement games vary wildly from running a farm to building a monster. But the mechanics always revolve around deploying workers - typically represented by meeples - on a game board shared by all players. Workers are used to gather resources, perform tasks that will make your future actions better in some way or to score points. Most locations on the board can only be occupied by one worker at a time, meaning you can’t take the same action over and over again, and other players can force you to change tactics by placing their own workers where you wanted to go. The types of actions you can take are very limited at first, but grow more powerful as the game goes on and you acquire more workers, unlock upgrades that make your turns more efficient, or gain access to additional locations on the board. Depending on the themes of the game, you may need to spend resources to construct buildings, research technology or even have kids, investing in improving your ability to earn more resources and points for the rest of the game. Best worker-placement games Lords of Waterdeep: Command Dungeons & Dragons adventurers. Agricola: Grow your family and farm. Caylus 1303: The construction-focused genre classic gets an overhaul. Champions of Midgard: Lead a Viking clan against mythological monsters. Viticulture: Run a winery and impress guests. Tzolk'in: The Mayan Calendar: Find the best time for all things. Everdell: Build homes for cute animals. Abomination: The Heir of Frankenstein: Rob graves and build a monster. Anachrony: Build mechs and travel through time. Raiders of Scythia: Plunder ancient civilisations. Players often need to consider the tradeoffs between investing in making future turns better