 or just taking actions that up their score. That decision calculus tends to shift as the end of the game nears, with some spaces that were fought over in early turns becoming effectively useless while others dedicated just to scoring become highly coveted. Knowing when to shift your focus can be the key to victory. Worker-placement games rarely favour direct confrontation with other players, with gameplay mostly based around assessing all the possible paths to victory and working on the one you think is best. You need to be aware of what other players are doing because they might be pursuing the same limited resources - but trying to actively mess with them can slow you down too much to be worth it. These games can take a long time to play, and there’s often not much of an opportunity to catch up if you get off to a rough start. We’ve come up with a list of the best worker placement games that will leave you feeling satisfied without the frustrations that come from your real job. 1. Lords of Waterdeep Complete quests while scheming against your enemies Lords of Waterdeep blends worker-placement gameplay with the world of Dungeons & Dragons. The city state of Waterdeep is one of the most iconic locations in Dungeon & Dragons’ Forgotten Realms setting, a bustling place of commerce that attracts adventurers looking to gear up before raiding the notorious dungeon Undermountain. In this board game set in the city, players take on the role of one of the masked Lords of Waterdeep, each with their own specialty and represented by a card they keep secret until the end of the game. The theme makes this game particularly easy for RPG players to hop into. The gameplay mechanics are fairly simple and well explained on the game board and cards. Lords deploy their agents to locations around Waterdeep to gather gold, recruit various types of adventurer, and pick up quests to send the heroes on. When you gather an appropriate party, such as the four fighters plus a cleric and wizard needed to repel seawraiths, you’ll complete the quest and earn a designated number of victory points, along with some other reward such as more adventurers, gold or a permanent buff that will let you accumulate more resources or points on future turns. You can construct buildings that provide better action tiles anyone can use, though the player who owns it will get a cut of the spoils each time. Each lord gets bonus points at the end of the game based on objectives like completing certain types of quest or constructing buildings, so you should watch out for clues to their identity because it will help you predict their future actions. Lords of Waterdeep is one of the more interactive worker-placement games out there, as players get intrigue cards they can use to steal resources or even mess with another player’s momentum by forcing them to go on a specific quest. If