 you want to play even dirtier, you can add in the Scoundrels of Skullport expansion, which lets players push their plans forward faster at the cost of accumulating corruption. Buy Lords of Waterdeep on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 2. Agricola Diversify your crops and upgrade your home Agricola is a classic worker-placement game from one of the masters of the genre: Uwe Rosenberg. Fans of farming video games such as Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley will find a lot of familiar elements in Agricola, Uwe Rosenberg's classic German board game about running a 17th-century farm. You start with just a humble two-room house and large swathe of unworked land. You’ll improve your homestead by sending your farmers out to plow fields, plant seeds, gather construction materials and build structures. You’ll need to diversify your actions as much as possible as you’ll lose points at the end of the game for each plot of unused land and for not having at least one of each type of crop and livestock. While many worker-placement games take a ‘more is better’ approach when it comes to increasing your labour force, each worker here represents another family member whom you’ll need to house and feed. Expansion must be done with care. If you have extra food, you can also afford to spend some time studying for an occupation that can make actions more efficient. Just like actual farming, Agricola is a game that requires planning and patience. If you want to have a bunch of sheep, you’re going to need a big enough pen for not only the ones you have now but the babies they’ll have. You’ll also want to leave room for a pigpen and pumpkin patch, and make sure you spend at least some time improving your farm with gadgets like a loom or butter churn that will let you get the most out of your resources and earn points. Buy Agricola on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 3. Caylus 1303 Negotiate for control of construction projects One of the first worker-placement games sees a modern revamp in Caylus 1303. Parks & Recreation lampooned Eurogames with a plot where a particularly nerdy character designed his own version: The Cones of Dunshire. While it was an over-the-top parody of the genre, Cones of Dunshire’s reliance on baroque roles and moving around a board is particularly reminiscent of Caylus, a 15-year-old game that was updated last year as Caylus 1303. Set in medieval France, the game has players compete to earn prestige by assisting in the construction of a castle. To do this, they’ll need to gather resources, recruit workers and construct buildings, which take the form of tokens on the board that resemble hotels in Monopoly. When another player uses your buildings, you gain prestige points. There’s much more direct competition between players in Caylus 1303 than in most worker-placement games. Every round, players bid for control over the position