 of the provost, which determines which workers are actually activated. You can also steal other players’ role cards, which give you special abilities like gaining additional prestige from construction. When another player runs out of workers or decides they don’t want to take any more moves, they pass and force you to play a surcharge for any future actions you take. That means your efficiency can be reduced if another player has fewer resources than you. The revised rules have shortened the game and added more random elements, but it’s still a complex, highly social experience. Buy Caylus 1303 on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 4. Champions of Midgard Earn glory by fulfilling your destiny Vikings, trolls, meeples, dice: Champions of Midgard has it all. Fast-paced and easy to learn, Champions of Midgard has players take on the role of a Viking leader who must bring glory to their people by fighting trolls, draugr and other mythical monsters. Each monster has their own dice pool and many have restrictions about the type of warrior that can be sent against them. Placing workers in various spots on the board allows you to accumulate dice of specific types, increasing your chance of success. You also need to make sure you have a diverse squad of warriors trained in axes, swords and spears so they’re ready to face any foe that comes up. While the use of dice inherently make the game more luck-based, there’s still plenty of strategy when it comes to devising turns to keep your people well supplied with food and building materials, and collecting runes that will tip the odds in your favour. The game also features collective action problems where players must decide how many resources to commit to battling a menacing troll, running the risk of taking blame in the form of negative points if the threat isn’t dealt with. Buy Champions of Midgard on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 5. Viticulture Patience is key to aging wines and scoring big Scythe designer Jamey Stegmaier explored the world of wine-making in this worker-placement game. Viticulture may offer the best fusion of flavour and mechanics in the genre. The game almost feels like a management simulation with its highly detailed and realistic portrayal of the challenges of running a small winery. Players primarily score points by fulfilling wine orders, which requires growing grapes and aging them for several rounds in a wine cellar until they’re ready to sell. You need to constantly be planning ahead to make sure you can meet your production goals by planting a mix of grape varietals, installing an irrigation system and trellis, and expanding your cellar so that you can increase the quality and variety of wines you can make. Meanwhile, you can also earn points or gain resources through attracting visitors like a wedding party or wine critic. These cards can be hugely powerful when played at the right time, but