 but Genesis wants to be the PS4’s answer to League of Legends and other massive titles that dwell on PC. You can pick one of 28 heroes to take into a 5v5 battle in a sci-fi themed maps with dynamically changing elements, either in traditional multiplayer, single-player or in a co-operative PvE campaign. The game continues to grow over time to maintain your interest, allowing you to equip the champions with different items and weaponry. The inclusion of the PVE mode means you can learn to play or just chill out by fighting against AI opponents by yourself or with friends. The developers are also very open to discussing balance changes, which means you can hopefully change the game for the better if you really want to get involved. (Image credit: Epic Games) 10. Dauntless If you like Capcom's Monster Hunter series, then this is one of the best free PS4 games for you. Either alone or with up to three other companions, you will be tracking and defeating enormous beasts, then taking the loot you've gathered home to upgrade your gear. The world’s rendered in a charming cartoon-ish style too, making it a joy to behold as you look for your next target, which will be one of many unique Behemoth creatures. Along with the standard mode, you can also try out Escalation, a series of five battles that continue to raise the stakes and the difficulty so you and your companions can truly prove your hunting skills. There are also weekly trails which add different modifiers to add a fresh twist to your encounters, in return for unique rewards. (Image credit: EA) 11. Apex Legends Say hello to the new king of battle royale. Apex Legends puts a fresh spin on the genre made popular by PUBG and Fortnite, offering tactical, team-based gameplay in which 20 squads of three battle to be the last team standing. Apex Legends stands out from the pack by allowing you to choose from distinct characters each with their own abilities (a la Overwatch), creating endless possibilities for how you strategize with your team. The game's brilliant ping system lets you mark locations, weapons and enemies for your teammates without saying a word, and the smooth movement and gunplay just feels great -- this is the team that delivered Titanfall, after all. (Image credit: Koei Tecmo) 12. Dissidia Final Fantasy NT Free Edition In a battle between Materia and Spiritus, the gods of protection and destruction, two teams of heroes from the Final Fantasy series to fight for them. In this free version, you can pick from a rotating selection of four fighters from the original roster and fight in online or offline bouts, swinging your weapons and casting spells in teams of three to take down your opponents. You can’t play the game’s story mode, but you can play online with people who have bought the game, and transfer your progress from the free version if you decide you enjoy it enough