 push you to turn your winery into more of a tourist attraction by building a cottage and offering wine tastings. There are a wide variety of valid paths to victory, but no matter your play style, you’d be well served by having a bottle of wine to share at the table to get everyone in the spirit. Buy Viticulture on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 6. Tzolk’in: The Mayan Calendar Timing is everything when it comes to the turning of the seasons Tzolk’in's worker-placement gameplay is highly dynamic, as players decide how to long to leave their pieces on the moving board. In most worker-placement games, players deploy all of their workers each turn and then get them back at the start of the next round. That’s not the case in Tzolk’in: The Mayan Calendar, where deciding how long to keep workers on the board is a major part of the strategy. The key gimmick of this game is a set of gears that shift at the end of each round, indicating the slow grinding of time. The longer a worker stays on the gear, the more effective their action will become. You can’t just sit and wait because you must either place or remove some workers each round. The game becomes a delicate balancing act between immediate gratification and patiently waiting for a big payday. Placing more than one worker in a round forces you to pay increasing amounts of resources to feed them. You’ll also have to feed your workers at certain preset times in the game - if you haven’t sufficiently planned ahead by stockpiling corn or building improvements that reduce their maintenance, you’ll lose points. Add in a wrinkle where opponents can occasionally speed up the turning of the gears and you have a game that truly stretches your ability to think several turns ahead. Buy Tzolk’in: The Mayan Calendar on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 7. Everdell Build and populate a city for adorable critters Command your animal inhabitants to gather resources from the forest using Everdell's mix of card-drafting and worker-placement gameplay. Everdell applies the cute animal aesthetic of Root to a worker-placement game instead of an asymmetrical battle for domination. Players construct a city by picking up cards representing various buildings and critters, each of which has their own special ability that can gain you resources and points. Every type of building has an associated critter that you’ll be able to pick up for free if it’s available, meaning the timing of your placements are key to efficiency. But the amount of room in your city is also a highly limited resource. Early in the game, it can seem almost unfathomable that you’ll be able to fill it, but as play goes on and it’s easier to afford the price of various cards, the spaces fill up and cheap cards placed early become a burden if you don’t have a way to get rid of them. The result is that Everdell feels a