 bit like a drafting game mixed with a worker-placement game. It also looks spectacular with a giant tree centrepiece used to track the phases of the game and display event cards, adorable animal meeples and charming card art. Soaking in the details is a great way to pass some time when your opponents are considering their next move. Buy Everdell on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 8. Abomination: The Heir of Frankenstein Master mad science and unlock immortality If you can get past the grim theme and complex gameplay, Abomination is rich in narrative and strategy. Frankenstein’s monster is lonely and wants someone like him to spend eternity with. You play a scientist racing to make that happen by collecting corpses and conducting research while avoiding becoming known as a mad scientist or a monster yourself. Abomination is a long and extremely complex game, involving a huge number of tracks to monitor, components to gather, dice odds to calculate and phases to building your monster. It combines aspects of more narrative games such as Arkham Horror with event and encounter cards where players must make decisions that will affect their outcomes. The high level of difficulty and horror means it’s not a game for the faint of heart. Buy Abomination: The Heir of Frankenstein on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 9. Anachrony Bring humanity back from the brink of extinction Anachrony's time-travel theme lends some interesting twists to its worker-placement resource-gathering. The most high-concept game on this list, Anachrony is set in the 26th century when four groups are fighting to be both the dominant power on Earth while also trying to protect humanity from a coming asteroid impact. Once the impact happens, they’ll have a few turns to try to ramp down their operations in a dying city and evacuate so they can better influence the survivors. It’s a particularly dramatic way of marking the genre’s typical transition from building up your capabilities to focusing on scoring. Gathering resources is particularly complex. In addition to the typical method of deploying workers to specific squares to mine or purify water, you can equip them with exosuits that allow them to survive harsh conditions, allowing them to use different spaces on the board. You can even use time travel to grab resources from the future, but you’ll eventually have to send the resources back to avoid messing up the timeline. This is a game science-fiction fans will love, combining the strategies of worker-placement games with some of the flavour of games like Pandemic or XCOM as certain spaces become unavailable in late rounds because of the devastation caused by the asteroid impact. The different path goals and abilities provide a high level of replayability - you’ll want to swap between them to try new playstyles. Buy Anachrony on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 10. Raiders of Scythia Build a crew - but don’t get too attached Raiders of Scythia is