 10 best social deduction games to play after Werewolf
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
Love the way you lie.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
Some board games are all about strategic, skilful play. Others teach you the value of jolly cooperation. And then there are hidden role and social deduction games - the ones that encourage you to lie through your teeth to your family and friends. As tactics go that might not seem so pleasant, but social deduction games, in which one or more players secretly work against the rest, have been a major hit ever since the genre got going. Tense and unpredictable, they’re packed with little moments of excitement. There’s that thrill as you nod to your newly-discovered team mate while the rest of the table have their eyes shut, that desperation as the net tightens and the finger of suspicion starts to point your way. With the right group, hidden role games can be both tense and funny - a killer combo. You’ll not only need the right group of course, but also the right game. So step this way and we’ll take a look at some of the very best social deduction games of all time. Unless… Wait one moment… You’re not a traitor, are you? Spyfall 2: Catch an imposter through subtly-worded questions. The Resistance: Avalon: Complete the quest in this Arthurian take on the game that made hidden roles huge. One Night Ultimate Werewolf: The essence of a decades-old classic in a very small package. Secret Hitler: Uphold or undermine democracy in this nail-biting game of lies and accusation. Deception: Murder in Hong Kong: A quick to set up, endlessly replayable murder mystery in a box. The Chameleon: A short, silly party game of exposing the odd one out. Bang! The Dice Game: Need a break from the tension? Try an all-out shootout. Werewords: A word game and social deduction game rolled into one brilliant brainteaser. A Fake Artist Goes to New York: Can you convince your friends of your artistic genius? Battlestar Galactica: The Board Game: In this sci-fi classic the Cylons aren’t the