 worst of your worries. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Spyfall 2 Ask the right questions to catch the imposter Players will have to sort through a wide variety of locations to find the spy. Spyfall 2 is one of those games that’s easy to learn but hard to master. The premise is simple: the players are all colleagues in a shared location, except one, who’s actually a filthy spy and doesn’t have a clue where everyone is. Through a series of probing questions like “How’s the weather today?” the other players must ascertain each other’s innocence and track down the imposter. It should be easy, but both questions and answers need to be cryptic: once the spy twigs the location, it’s game over. If you’ve ever been in a situation, be it at a new job or an unusual ceremony, where everyone else seems to know what’s going on and you’re left playing catch-up, you’ll have some idea of what life is like for Spyfall’s spy. Being the baddie in a hidden role game is always tense and exciting, but in Spyfall 2 it’s uniquely stressful - especially if you’re picked upon first. The game’s incredibly entertaining. When a spy makes a bold play and gets it spectacularly wrong, or a non-spy gives a bizarre answer that no one can make head or tail of, hilarity is sure to ensue. Buy Spyfall 2 on Amazon UK and Amazon US The Resistance: Avalon Complete fantastical quests and root out the traitors A player's role card will determine their loyalty and abilities. Hailing from the heady days of 2010, The Resistance is an absolute classic of the social deduction genre. Its Avalon variant, released a few years later, gave both the theme and the gameplay a nice twist. Players are brave knights loyal to King Arthur and his cool table. Each turn, a group is sent out on a quest, but some of them are secretly traitors with the power to sabotage the mission. If three missions fail, the day is lost. New to Avalon is the powerful wizard Merlin, who can gaze into his crystal ball and learn the wrongdoers’ identities, but loses the game if they correctly name him at the end. The Resistance: Avalon is a devious game - arguably the social deduction genre at its purest. It’s all about persuading your friends that you can deliver them the win, before immediately throwing that trust back in their faces. It is ruthless. While Avalon is superior to the original Resistance, the latter’s Hidden Agenda expansion makes the two games functionally identical by adding the Commander, a re-skinned Merlin. So it’s really down to what floats your boat: spies and bow ties or grails and women in ponds? Buy The Resistance: Avalon on Amazon UK and Amazon US One Night Ultimate Werewolf A single turn of hidden role action that’s a howling good time This faster-paced version of Werewolf also comes with a free