 app. One Night Ultimate Werewolf distils the original social deduction experience of classic Werewolf (also known as Mafia) into a fast and fun 10-minute game that doesn’t need a large group. By condensing the action into just one round, the game removes the need for either a referee or player elimination, meaning no-one has to miss out on the action. This bite-sized variant features less bloodthirsty lycanthropes than the original, as the werewolves’ aim is simply to win by lying low. During the night phase, players take it in turns to perform actions, depending on their roles. A seer has the power to look at someone’s role card, but other characters like the robber and troublemaker can switch these around during the night. This is one of the few social deduction games where no-one is quite sure of their own position. Even if you start out as an innocent villager, it’s seldom a good idea to be completely open and honest. Don’t you just love when a game has a good moral? Buy One Night Ultimate Werewolf on Amazon UK and Amazon UK Secret Hitler Uphold or undermine democracy, while dodging assassination As well as the boxed version, there is a free-to-print version of Secret Hitler. In Secret Hitler players embody the 1920s Weimar Republic, a fragile government teetering on the brink of disaster. Two factions - one liberal, one fascist - vie for control and Secret Hitler (portrayed as a lizard for some reason) stands poised to make a bid for power. Similar to The Resistance on a surface level, in Secret Hitler governments take the place of missions, and liberal and fascist policies replace successes and failures. While it wears its inspiration on its sleeve, Secret Hitler has plenty of unique, paranoia-producing features that make it well worth picking up. Alternate win conditions for each side, like assassinating Secret Hitler or electing them at just the right moment, mean that players on the same side might still be working towards different goals. Adding to the mayhem are powerful abilities unlocked by passing fascist policies that can lead even a liberal president down a dark path “for the greater good”. The theme might raise a few eyebrows, especially coming from one of the makers of the much-maligned Cards Against Humanity, but, while it’s hardly profound satire, Secret Hitler handles its subject matter very successfully. Buy Secret Hitler on Amazon UK and Amazon US Deception: Murder in Hong Kong Solve a crime and catch the killer in your midst Each role in Deception provided a vastly different gameplay experience. Deception: Murder in Hong Kong is a beautifully-designed board game - in terms of both art and gameplay - full of clever roles and interesting puzzle-solving. A group of detectives are tracking down a murder suspect, but whoops! By a strange twist of fate, it seems the murderer has hidden among the investigators themselves. At the start of the game, each player is assigned several Cluedo-like means-of-murder cards and clue cards,