 before the secretly-selected murderer picks one of each to be the ‘true answer’. One player, the forensic scientist, watches this and must try to reveal the wrongdoer’s identity, not by speaking, but through silently linking the crime scene to those chosen cards by placing bullet-shaped tokens on hints. This may be the toughest case yet for even the most grizzled of noir-ish detectives. There’s scant information to work with and, what’s worse, the murderer (with an optional accomplice) is trying to lead the other investigators astray. Deception really puts the ‘deduction’ into social deduction, with every player devising their own theory, leading up to a dramatic moment where they ‘bet their badge’ on an answer, coming away feeling like a fool or a genius, depending on the result. Buy Deception: Murder in Hong Kong on Amazon UK and Amazon US The Chameleon A social deduction game that’s short but sweet The secret word for a game of The Chameleon is decided by a special grid. Designed by Rikki Tahta, the maker of Coup, and continuing his spree of bluffing-based board games, The Chameleon is a brilliant party game. At the start of a round, players all receive the same secret word, except for one who becomes the titular chameleon. Going around the table, everyone gives a vague one-word clue related to the secret answer. The chameleon must try to blend in, figuring out the hidden word while giving their own clue and avoiding being unmasked as a cold-blooded, fly-eating imposter. With its colour-changing scales and 360-degree vision, the chameleon is the spy of the animal kingdom, so it makes sense that The Chameleon board game takes its cues from Spyfall. However, with the roleplaying and questions stripped away, The Chameleon feels less like an interrogation - and is therefore less stressful than many titles on this list. It’s also a very quick experience, with rounds only lasting 10 minutes at most. These qualities make it great for casual play and the ideal gateway social deduction game to get your friends hooked on telling fibs. Buy The Chameleon on Amazon UK and Amazon US Bang! The Dice Game Shoot first and ask questions later in this rapid-fire duelling dice game The dice bring a fantastic random element to this social deduction game. One of the few games in the genre to indulge in some good, old-fashioned dice-rolling, Bang! The Dice Game puts players in the shoes (or boots, I should say) of a bunch of rootin’ tootin’ cowboys ready to duel. More pitched battle than tense showdown, Bang! The Dice Game is a fast-paced fighting game where the outcome is never certain. Players are constantly rolling dice, taking pot-shots at one another, chugging miraculously curative beers and accidentally dropping dynamite at their own feet. Special abilities add some variety to the action, while the option to re-roll encourages players to keep pushing their luck. Three teams are competing for the title of fastest gun in the West: a sheriff with deputies,