 outlaws who want to bring down the sheriff and ruthless renegades who just want to be the last one standing. Only the sheriff is known at the start of the game, leading to unpredictable fights straight out of a western, with players teaming up then double-crossing one another. Buy Bang! The Dice Game on Amazon UK and Amazon US Werewords A surprising direction for the Werewolf series, but it works This word game is a little like classic werewolf, but with a more esoteric goal. While it comes from (One Night) Ultimate Werewolf designer Ted Alspach, the theme here is a little incongruous: there’s really nothing that were-y or wolf-y going on. To put it plainly, Werewords is 20 Questions with a traitor. A treacherous werewolf player knows the secret word the villagers are trying to get out of the mayor and must lead them astray, whether by clever reasoning, ambiguous question-asking, or just feigned incompetence. If they’re caught at the end they lose, however, so they must pretend to be assisting the team. Though the concept is simple, Werewords is a unique take on the hidden role genre that’s greater than the sum of its parts. Not only do you get that juicy social deduction goodness, there’s extra fun to be had from the mayor’s frustration as the guessers fall prey to leaps of logic and wild goose chases. Best of all, you have the option to customise the wordpool for themed games and endless replayability. Buy Werewords on Amazon UK and Amazon US A Fake Artist Goes to New York A party game of deceitful drawings There may not be much in the box, but Fake Artist is infinitely replayable. A Fake Artist Goes to New York takes the imposter-hunting formula and spices things up with a splash of Pictionary, resulting in an easy-to-learn game of deception that’s more family-friendly than most. Players take it in turns to add to a piece of art, gradually building up a picture of a secret answer pen-stroke by pen-stroke. The catch is that one of them must play along, but has no idea what they’re supposed to be drawing.The visual element of the game encourages players to think outside the box and creates extra space for ridiculous misunderstandings. Another point in A Fake Artist’s favour is that it’s one of the only drawing games where being bad at art is a clear advantage; you can get away with scrawling a misshapen blob and throwing up your hands with a “Well, what did you expect?” Buy A Fake Artist Goes to New York on Amazon UK and Amazon US Battlestar Galactica: The Board Game Cylons to the brig! Whoever is playing William Adama better hope they have good leadership skills. Many tabletop TV and movie tie-ins are lacklustre (though you can find plenty that aren’t right here) but Battlestar Galactica: The Board Game is the perfect melding of gameplay and theme. The players are crewing a spaceship and must handle a never-ending