 10 best dungeon-crawler games you should delve into next
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
Deep dive.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
Treasure! Traps! Tiles! Table space! Probably a dwarf somewhere! Whether you’re looking for a D&D-lite experience or just want to hit some kobolds with a big axe, dungeon-crawling board games are the perfect portal to a self-contained adventure. What’s more, many of the games in the list below use either rules or app-based AI for the monsters, and emergent or pre-written storytelling, so they’re perfect for those times where nobody feels like being DM. If you haven’t touched a dungeon-crawler since HeroQuest, or are more familiar with Diablo than Descent, you’ll be pleased to learn how varied and ambitious the genre has become. Here are ten of the best dungeon-crawling games (and crawl-adjacent) tabletop games you can buy. Star Wars: Imperial Assault: A campaign-based, asymmetrical co-op/competitive hybrid. With wookies. Escape the Dark Castle: An elegant, atmospheric tribute to dark ‘80s fantasy. Mansions of Madness: Second Edition: An app-driven Lovecraftian horror story. One Deck Dungeon: A bitesize dice-filled dungeon delve. Descent: Journeys in the Dark - Second Edition: A fantasy-flavoured, action-packed classic crawler. Gloomhaven: The mammoth legacy cult hit. Warhammer Quest: A storied part of dungeon-crawling history. Mice and Mystics: A fairytale adventure perfect for younger players. Doom: The Board Game: The influential tabletop iteration of the classic shooter. Deep Madness: An atmospheric homage to sci-fi survival horror. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 1. Star Wars: Imperial Assault A campaign-based, asymmetrical co-op/competitive hybrid. With wookies. Star Wars: Imperial Assault brings dungeon-crawling to the galaxy far, far away. In the box, there is a very big wookie, with a very big axe. If you’re into classic Star Wars, there’s likely no need to sell you on this. If not, you may be surprised to find that behind all the midichlorians and morally simplistic melodrama of the setting there’s an exciting, expansive and impeccably-designed dungeon-crawler. Up to four players control Rebel heroes against an Imperial player in the joint role of antagonist and dungeon master. Combat is dynamic