 and strategic, with elements of pushing your luck and managing your available resources to mitigate and enhance dice-based combat. Imperial Assault is a great game not just for the overarching narrative that joins together its campaigns, but for the stories that emerge in the constant push and pull between the Empire and Rebellion. Rebel heroes become incredibly powerful as the campaign progresses, able to pull off extensive, complex moves, while the Imperial player is given access to an ever-increasing tide of minions. Also, sometimes Darth Vader shows up and you get to grin menacingly at the secret scenario book, making everyone else around the table uncomfortable. If the huge campaign wasn’t enough, Imperial Assault contains rules for a complete competitive miniature skirmish game, plus fully co-operative and solo campaign modes using a free app. That’s a whole lot of ways to wookie. Players: 1-5 Age: 14+ Playtime: 1-2 hours Best for: Star Wars fans on either side of the Force Buy Star Wars: Imperial Assault on Amazon UK/Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 2. Escape the Dark Castle An elegant, atmospheric tribute to dark ‘80s fantasy Escape the Dark Castle's retro look and feel pay ample homage to the fantasy adventures of yesteryear. Most dungeon-crawlers are, simply put, a lot. A lot of rules, tokens and cards. A lot of miniatures. A lot of time, and a lot of table space. Here, the titular Dark Castle is a single deck of 13 randomly selected chapter cards, an introduction card and a boss card. You and up to three other players select a character specialising in one of three attributes, then “escape” the castle by resolving the chapter cards one by one until you reach the boss. Sometimes you face off against some hellish monstrosity by rolling to match the attributes printed on its card. Sometimes you’ll try to escape various fiendish hazards. Either way, you’ll always be treated to succinct, atmospheric text and art that perfectly evokes the darker entries in the Fighting Fantasy series that here serve as inspiration. Less than 100 cards, 15 dice and a scorepad means that you can Escape the Dark Castle set up, played and packed away in under 30 minutes. It’s also one of the nicest, most cohesive-looking dungeon-crawls out there, combining crusty fantasy and gothic excess with modern graphic design sleekness. Players: 1-4 Age: 14+ Playtime: 20-45 minutes Best for: Revisiting childhood nostalgia Buy Escape the Dark Castle on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 3. Mansions of Madness: Second Edition An app-driven Lovecraftian horror story The second edition of Mansions of Madness swaps the original game's dungeon master for an app overlord. The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind, it’s said, is the boredom of having to read that bloody Lovecraft quote again. Yes, Fantasy Flight has made cosmic horror feel quaint through overuse in its Arkham Horror Files series, but it's also the cephalopod-slime-soaked set dressing of some of its best offerings. Admittedly a dungeon-crawl in