 the same way that Imperial Assault is a dungeon-crawl - they both absolutely still count, leave me alone - Mansions of Madness: Second Edition is one of the finest examples of how Fantasy Flight’s companion app integration can enhance a tabletop experience without overlooking the tacticility and socialising that make the hobby so enjoyable to begin with. The app here really does two major things: enhances the horror game's atmosphere through audio and descriptive text, and simplifies setup and bookkeeping. The rest is pure exploration, action management, teamwork and combat. Also, spookies. Players: 1-5 Age: 14+ Playtime: 2-3 hours Best for: Scary stories with a tech twist Buy Mansions of Madness: Second Edition on Amazon UK/Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 4. One Deck Dungeon A bitesize dice-filled dungeon delve One Deck Dungeon summons an entire delve out of a single deck. Rejoice, ye of little table space, because One Deck Dungeon comes in a package roughly the size of one of Gloomhaven’s character boxes. Perhaps a bit less atmospheric than Escape the Dark Castle, but with far more enjoyably complex (though still simple) dice-allocation combat, One Deck Dungeon is an excellent alternative, and much more suited to younger players. It’s also an especially neat touch that all the heroes in both the base game and its standalone expansion Forest of Shadows are women. Why? Why not. Players: 1-2 Age: 14+ Playtime: 30-45 minutes Best for: Quick and compact questing Buy One Deck Dungeon on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 5. Descent: Journeys in the Dark - Second Edition A fantasy-flavoured, action-packed classic crawler Descent: Journeys in the Dark can be played fully co-op with a free companion app. While Imperial Assault is, in many ways, an iteration and refinement of the Descent formula, this venerable box is still an undeniably influential and enjoyable classic-style dungeon crawl. Plus, swords are still cooler than lasers. Nobody campaigned to give Carly Rae Jepsen a blaster. Like Imperial Assault, one player assumes the role of evil Overlord. Also like Imperial Assault, there’s an app available to make Descent fully co-operative. Unlike the Star Wars game, however, there are approximately 38 billion expansions (in contrast to a mere four billion) for Descent - so if you want to go hard, the option is there. Players: 1-5 Age: 14+ Playtime: 2 hours Best for: A modern classic crawl Buy Descent: Journeys in the Dark - Second Edition on Amazon UK/Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 6. Gloomhaven The mammoth legacy cult hit Gloomhaven's legacy game elements provide an RPG-like campaign and evolving fantasy world alongside crunchy combat. Quite good, I hear. Big, too. Okay, fine. What to say about Gloomhaven that hasn’t been said already? You already know it's huge; that it's packed with dozens of scenarios, story events, monsters and characters; and that you can permanently alter its world through your actions. What perhaps isn’t said enough is that none of this