 would matter if the core of Gloomhaven’s card and tile-based combat wasn’t so solidly designed. Each character has varied, defined roles in combat, brought to life with personalised decks. You won’t just be aiming for higher numbers than the AI-controlled monsters - you’ll be using area denial, spatial navigation and debuffs to try and absolutely ruin their day, all without over-exerting yourself and getting poked with a spear while you're trying to catch a breath. This, alongside a staggering amount to discover and influence in every facet of Gloomhaven’s design make it, for many, the quintessential dungeon-crawling experience. Players: 1-5 Age: 14+ Playtime: 2 hours Best for: Epic adventure in a changing world Buy Gloomhaven on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 7. Warhammer Quest A storied part of dungeon-crawling history Blackstone Fortress, one of the latest Warhammer Quest entries, swaps the fantasy universe for that of Warhammer 40,000. As great as the original Warhammer Quest is, you shouldn’t go out and buy it because it's effectively a relic at this point - and incredibly expensive to boot. Even so, while combat was fairly, uh, Warhammery, the actual campaign and roleplaying mechanics did a lot of neat stuff, some of which went on to inspire things like Kingdom Death: Monster’s ‘roll on this huge table to see how doomed you are’ systems, and are also reminiscent of Gloomhaven’s road events. Luckily, if you want a modern-day Warhammer dungeon-crawling experience, your options are plentif- nope, wait, both the sequels are out of print and incredibly expensive too. But hold on! There’s still Warhammer Quest: Blackstone Fortress. It’s Warhammer 40,000 this time, rather than fantasy, but still has all the tense, tile-and-dice-based combat and techno-gothic richness you’d expect from the setting. Games Workshop has put a lot of focus in recent years to providing more accessible, bite-size entries into its universes. Not only is this much kinder on both wallet and table, but it gives individual models a chance to shine - and these ones are especially gorgeous. There’s also the out-of-print but still reasonably priced Warhammer Quest: Adventure Card game, a living card game take on the original. Warhammer Quest: Blackstone Fortress Players: 1-5 Age: 12+ Playtime: 2-3 hours Best for: A sci-fi spin on the fantasy favourite you can actually find Buy Warhammer Quest: Blackstone Fortress on Amazon UK/Amazon US. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 8. Mice and Mystics A fairytale adventure perfect for younger players Mice and Mystics' campaign plays like a classic fairytale, as the players try to escape a castle after being transformed into mice. Storytelling fantasy crawler Mice and Mystics is still in print and widely available despite being almost a decade old, and there’s a good reason for that: it’s consistently listed as one of the best tabletop games for getting younger players into the hobby. It doesn’t hurt that players take the role of a party of anthropomorphic mice in classic adventurer archetypes, brought to life by adorable miniatures. It also