 doesn’t hurt that there’s a ton of thematic, fairytale-style prose that weaves each scenario into an overarching narrative. It absolutely helps that time is measured in cheese. Usually listed as one for younger gamers, there’s also the more recent Stuffed Fables - the difference being that where this has mice, Stuffed Fables has nightmare spiders that look like the Meccano baby from Toy Story. Players: 1-4 Age: 7+ Playtime: 60-90 minutes Best for: Family-friendly bedtime stories come to life Buy Mice and Mystics on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 9. Doom: The Board Game The influential tabletop iteration of the classic shooter An update of the video game adaptation released alongside its 2016 reboot, Doom is a suitably bloody and intense dungeon-crawl. The demon-infested grandaddy of Descent and Imperial Assault, Doom is another dungeon-crawler that’s great not only for its sharp design, but for the crossover appeal potential in luring friends into tabletop. The reboot of the original 2004 board game takes stylistic and mechanical cues from the video game’s own 2016 reboot, resulting in much more streamlined and speedy card-and-dice combat based on choosing your actions carefully, managing your deck of cards and balancing luck and risk. Con: Unlike Imperial Assault and Descent, there’s no app support, so one player will have to take the role of the demons. Pro: Someone gets to take control of the demons. Players: 2-5 Age: 14+ Playtime: 2-3 hours Best for: Ripping and tearing your way through Hell Buy Doom: The Board Game on Amazon UK/Amazon US. 10. Deep Madness An atmospheric homage to sci-fi survival horror A bit BioShock, a bit Dead Space, a bit Aliens, Deep Madness is a deep-sea adventure full of terrors. This one isn’t widely available in local game stores yet - although two successful Kickstarters means there are a few copies kicking about. Still, while Deep Madness doesn’t do a whole lot to innovate, its presentation and refinement make an extremely solid option for anyone drawn in by the theme. Sitting somewhere between BioShock and Dead Space, Aliens and The Thing, Deep Madness sees a team of five investigators exploring a cursed deep-sea mining facility infested with tentacled alien horrors. Structurally, it's a fairly simple team survival game. Players can move, fight, search and activate objectives. It’s the attention to detail here that really elevates things. A push-your-luck style ‘sanity’ mechanic tied to audio diary-style flavour cards and horrific debuffs, along with depleting oxygen in drowned areas of the facility, mean Deep Madness has a lot of thematic touches that come together into something much more thoughtful than the focus on tons of lavish miniatures might suggest. They are very nice minis, though. If you can’t get hold of this one, Zombicide: Black Plague shares some DNA and is a bit less fiddly, though also less interesting. Players: 2-6 Age: 16+ Playtime: 1-2 hours Best for: Swapping delving underground for underwater To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings