 10 best dexterity games that are better than Jenga
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
Flick of the bunch.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
There are tons of different tabletop games out there, from roleplaying games to auction games, but one of the most distinctive genres is dexterity-based tabletop games. These types of games require dexterity to play - tasks that often use your hands and require skill beyond strategic prowess, from flicking and throwing to sliding and catching. Best dexterity games Beasts of Balance: Stack animals and watch them evolve on your phone. Fungeon Party: A multitude of dexterity-based mini-games against a ticking timer. Ice Cool: Fling penguins around a school, skipping class or being a hall monitor. Mars Open: Tabletop Golf: Simplistic tabletop golf. IN SPACE. Dr. Eureka: Mix up concoctions in vials, without touching the balls with your hands. Rhino Hero: Super Battle: Build a tower and fight your way up it as a superpowered animal. Crokinole: Flick discs and try to land in the middle in a true classic. Cube Quest: Summon your army before knocking each other’s castles down. Klask: A modern successor to table hockey, plus magnets. Flick 'em Up: A complex western-themed game with a lot going on. Dexterity games can take a bit of practice to get to grips with, but they are games worth mastering as the physical skills can then help you forever be the best of the best when it comes to challenging your friends. Many dexterity games are great for children and adults alike, bringing the whole family together to play and improving skills beyond the table. Most of these dexterity games also have really interesting pieces and unique takes on tabletop games, which bring something new with each and every one of them. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 1. Beasts of Balance Stack animals and watch them evolve on your phone Beasts of Balance combines its careful physical stacking with the digital flourish of a companion app. Beasts of Balance is a really interesting dexterity-based game that also happens to require a companion app