 you pick up weapons to completely change your fighting style midmatch as you strive to knock your opponent off the stage. The game supports everything from local, four-player party brawls to intense, one-on-one, competitive online matches, and you can experience it all for free. The only thing you'd have to pay for is permanent access to all of the game's characters; otherwise, you can pick from a limited, rotating pool of fighters. Even if your friends don't own a PS4, you can still play with them thanks to cross-play with the Xbox One, Switch and PC. (Image credit: Daybreak) 17. DC Universe Online DC Universe Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game lets you create the DC hero or villain of your dreams, complete with a costume and a unique set of traits and abilities. The game features an original storyline filled with time travel, alien invasions, and iconic characters like Lex Luthor and the Joker, as well as a fluid, real-time combat system that lets you wield (and customize) all kinds of neat powers and weapons. Plus there's the normal set of MMORPG features like parties, raids and lots of leveling up to try. You'll have to pay up if you want to check out DCUO's later story chapters, but you can experience a good chunk of what the game has to offer for free, plus there's seasonal events if you want to shake up the game without paying. (Image credit: GungHo) 18. Let It Die The latest over-the-top action game from the twisted mind of famed game creator Goichi "Suda51" Suda, Let It Die is essentially a highly stylized, wacky version of Dark Souls. You'll make your way up a tower filled with brutal enemies to fight and powerful gear to earn, each floor adding more and more challenge. When you die, your character will be reanimated in other players' games, turning your misfortune into another fearsome foe for someone else. Because this is a Suda51 game, you'll do this all while taking advice from Uncle Death, a skateboard-riding Grim Reaper (yes, you read that right) and consuming dubious mushrooms to enhance your abilities before taking on some of the strangest looking bosses you'll ever see. If you like your action games difficult, deep and extremely weird, Let It Die will scratch that itch and then some. (Image credit: Hi-Rez Studios) 19. Paladins It's easy to pass off Paladins as a cheap Overwatch clone at first glance, but this team-based shooter has its own special quirks — and costs nothing to play. Paladins stands out from the hero-shooter crowd by letting you customize your character via collectible cards, adding an extra level of strategy to the game's tried-and-true objective-based combat. You'll either be capturing points, pushing payloads into your opponent's base, or just defeating as many as you can in straight-up combat, enhanced by a blend of fantasy/sci-fi themes and designs. With a rich fantasy aesthetic and an ever-growing roster of champions, Paladins is a great team