 for phones or tablets. Players must tap different animal artefacts against a base to register them in the app, then place them onto the base, balancing them on top of any other pieces. These animals appear in a virtual world on the app, placed in their natural habitat. The animals grow weaker over time, so you will need to pick up resource pieces from the table and balance them on the platform, allowing the animals to transform into hybrids. The harder a piece is to balance the more reward it offers, but with different challenges to overcome as the tower of artefacts and animals grows. If the tower falls, there is a small amount of time where you can rebuild the tower - if you fail to rebuild it, the world ends due to a volcano. As well as the pieces and companion app, Beasts of Balance has a card element. Players can tap cards to the base to attack other player’s creatures, if you decide to play in the versus mode instead of co-op. The stacking and building aspect of Beasts of Balance is lovely, especially with all of the different shapes that come with the animals and artefacts. Buy Beasts of Balance on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 2. Fungeon Party A multitude of dexterity-based mini-games against a ticking timer Fungeon Party is multiple dexterity games in one, throwing (literally) a number of different challenges at the players. Fungeon Party is a smorgasbord of different dexterity-based challenges, all presented at random depending on the card flipped over. This variety keeps things interesting, as do the various abilities each player can gain by choosing their character. Every player gets a bunch of different items including five coloured dice and a popsicle stick ‘wand’, with a meeple placed in the middle of the table in case it’s needed for a specific challenge. You’ll also need a timer, though a phone works just as well. In Fungeon Party, you’ll need to create your dungeon by putting down a specific number of challenge cards. Once everyone is ready, you’ll start the timer and then try to complete all of the quests within that timeframe to finish the dungeon. Cards have different lead characters who need to read the quest card they are on and make decisions. Quests come in many different forms - from hiding a dice in a room for everyone else to find to solving maths equations. Soon, you’ll find yourself making bridges out of your wands to get the meeple into the box and balancing dice on your heads. If you’ve got friends who aren’t as confident with dexterity games, the special abilities for each character can help, as they can be used once per dungeon and many make the challenges easier or allow players to skip challenges all together. This is a great introduction game for those who want to explore dexterity games, as there are a lot of different challenges and ways to bypass them. Buy Fungeon