 Party on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 3. Ice Cool Fling penguins around a school, skipping class or being a hall monitor Ice Cool's finger-flicking action plays out in a school for penguins. Ice Cool stars plastic penguins that can be flicked around a school, trying to gain fish or stop other penguins from skipping class. The game box itself contains a bunch of different rooms, with small door frames that link them together. Along the walls, you will end up placing different fish pieces. One player ends up being a hall monitor - someone looking to capture the missing penguins from class - while the others are penguins just looking for some fish to eat. The penguins collecting fish have the goal of passing through door frames with a fish in their colour above them. When they do, they grab a card with a different number of fish on it, which is kept secret and added to their score or used to take another turn. The hall monitor penguin is instead is trying to strike the other players, taking their ID cards. These ID cards provide bonus fish cards to the hall monitor. Ice Cool has a lot of really awesome moves when it comes to flicking your penguins - you can hop walls, learn to curve your flicks and bounce your penguin into other penguins. Some of these skills, like wall-hopping, take quite some time to master but feel really cool once you have. Buy Ice Cool on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 4. Mars Open: Tabletop Golf Simplistic tabletop golf. IN SPACE. It's golf, but without the ball - and on a different planet. You can tell by the title what kind of game Mars Open: Tabletop Golf is. This game is all about golf, having players flick a little ‘golf ball’ around a nine- to 18-hole course with the aim of getting the ball into the hole in as few shots as possible. The golf balls are folded bits of paper - easy to flick far if you’ve got the finger strength and angle, but harder to keep on target. The course is made up of the box and cardboard obstacles, placed in a specific way for each course. After playing for a while, you’ll start to really understand how to flick the balls perfectly, getting the angle and amount of force needed to get to the hole efficiently. It’s a skill you can quickly build up as you play, getting better and better at it but, unlike Ice Cool, there aren't a bunch of tricks that can really give you an advantage. Buy Mars Open: Tabletop Golf on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 5. Dr. Eureka Mix up concoctions in vials, without touching the balls with your hands Unlike other dexterity games, in Dr. Eureka you'll spend most of your time not touching things. Dr. Eureka sees players moving balls between different vials to