 create different scientific experiments. Each player gets three vials, each filled with two balls that are the same colour. You’ll need to draw a card into the middle of the table and try to make your vials match the three vials on the card. What makes Dr. Eureka unique compared to other dexterity games is that you don’t actually get to touch the balls you are moving with your own hands. Instead, these balls must move between three vials by passing them between the tubes without dropping them. Once a card is flipped over, you are free to start moving your balls from vial to vial. Whoever completes it first must yell “Eureka!”, before everyone checks to see if you have actually completed the card. Vials can be flipped upside-down, so if you have the pattern reversed you can flip it to fulfil a card. If you are the first person to correctly form the pattern, you get the card. Nobody can reset any vials, and must continue with what they have to complete the next card. Dr. Eureka can become very frantic - especially as if you drop a ball, knocking you out of that round. Buy Dr. Eureka on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 6. Rhino Hero: Super Battle Build a tower and fight your way up it as a superpowered animal A sequel to the original Rhino Hero, Super Battle adds an even greater dexterity challenge while still being fun for kids and adults alike. The sequel to Rhino Hero, Rhino Hero: Super Battle has more going on in its gameplay and takes a bit more planning and patience. Oh, and the towers are bigger, too. Each player gets a hero - Rhino Hero, Giraffe Boy, Big E. and Batguin - to represent them on the tower they build together. Cards come in different types: floor cards and tall and short wall cards. The floor cards define which walls need to be placed, which will come into play as the tower ascends. On your turn, you must select one of your floor cards (or pick one from the pile in the middle) and grab the necessary wall cards. You can place the wall cards on any floor already in play, building the support to hold your floor. Some floor cards need a monkey placed on them as well. Your turn isn’t over once the walls and floor are stable - you must then roll a die to see if your hero will scale the tower. The die can also leave your hero where they are or even see them climb down a floor. If you move to the same level as another hero, you both will need to roll a die to see who gets to stay and who must go down a level. Rhino Hero: Super Battle’s epic tower can get quite tall, so placement and movement becomes a big part of the game. Nobody wants to be the one to topple it, but sometimes grabbing