 a monkey and moving it to a new floor can be enough to bring everything crashing down. Buy Rhino Hero: Super Battle on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 7. Crokinole Flick discs and try to land in the middle in a true classic Crokinole, played here in Tabletop Simulator, dates back to the 19th century. Easily the oldest game on the list, dating back to the late 1800s, crokinole is a classic dexterity game played on an impressive, massive wooden board. Players take their places around the board, keeping fixed to their chair (the “one cheek rule” applies), while they slide discs from the outside edge into the middle of the board. The game can be played head-to-head with two people, or in teams with up to four (or more, if you take turns). The board is divided into different scoring sections, with a hole at the centre for the maximum possible score. If your opponent has discs already on the board, your shot must touch at least one to count. If the board is empty or only has your pieces, the shot must land in the centre area - or it’ll be invalid and immediately removed. Making things harder is a ring of pegs surrounding the centre hole and a gutter around the outer edge to knock other pieces into for zero points. Once all of the players have used all their discs, it’s time to tally up the scores. Depending on how close your discs are to the middle once everyone has taken their shots, you’ll score points - with the maximum 20 for landing in the centre. There are multiple ways to play, including the highest score for a single game or banking the number of points between the winner and second place, with 100 banked points taking the overall victory. Classics are classics for a reason. Crokinole is very simple to explain and can be quite addictive to play. Sliding discs around and trying to not lose too many shots to the sides becomes a big challenge and a fun thing to master. Buy crokinole on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 8. Cube Quest Summon your army before knocking each other’s castles down Cube Quest pits two (or more) players head-to-head in a battle to send their rival's king flying off the table. Adding a bit of building strategy to its dexterity aspect, Cube Quest is a strategy game where each player controls a castle occupied by a king and their troops. All of the pieces are large dice-like cubes that are flicked at your opponent’s forces, attempting to defeat the enemy’s king by knocking them off of the game’s playmat. You can build your army before the game begins by spending 40 points, which can be used on different units to customise your strategy. Your cubes are both attackers and defenders, so the