 pieces you buy and how you arrange them around your king is crucial. Then comes the actual flicking. When aiming, you’ll need to aim for weak spots, as knocking cubes off the board takes them out of play. You don’t want to flick too hard, as your own characters are also removed from the game if they fly off the table. The way the dice you’ve flicked lands is another consideration, as your pieces can be captured if they land on a silhouette face. Each of the different unit types have different abilities, from allowing you to get lost units back and freezing enemy cubes to taking extra shots and sneaking around the board. Getting the other player’s king off the board will take some ability when you flick, but there is a lot you can do to help you claim victory. Buy Cube Quest on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 9. Klask A modern successor to table hockey, plus magnets Klask's fast-paced action takes place under the table, as the players manoeuvre their pieces and take shots using magnets. Much like crokinole, Klask is another feature-piece game with an impressive wooden board - this time, resembling something close to a mini air hockey table. Your piece sits on top of the board, while you control it using a magnet underneath. You’ll be looking to bash a ball into your opponent's hole-shaped goal, gaining a point. To make things a bit more tricky, there are little white magnets in the middle of the table that can be knocked around by the ball. These magnets can get stuck on your player - and if two or more get stuck on you, your opponent scores a point. A point is also conceded if your piece falls into your own goal hole. (The ‘smack!’ noise is what gives Klask its name.) These points are tracked along the side of the pitch. Not many games use magnets - and even fewer are inspired by large, game room-style games such as table football or air hockey. Klask feels familiar, even if you’ve never played it before, and it’s simple enough to explain and set up that anybody can play. Buy Klask on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 10. Flick 'em Up A complex western-themed game with a lot going on Flick 'em Up's western shootouts also inspired a dexterity spin-off from zombie board game Dead of Winter. There’s a lot going on in this Wild West-inspired dexterity game, where you must set up a little 3D town and try to complete different scenarios. Players get a set number of different characters to use during their turn. Once a meeple has been activated, you must choose two actions: move, pick something up or shoot. To move, you need to flick your disc - wherever it lands is where your character moves to. If you try to move and knock over an object on the table,