 standing by flashing your cash Designer Reiner Knizia has made several of the best auction board games around - High Society is among his finest. The first Reiner Knizia-designed auction board game to hit this list (spoiler, he’s really good at designing auction games), this one is a masterclass in game design: simple rules, high tactical ceiling. Players are wealthy debutantes throwing money at various luxury items while trying to avoid social scandal. Each has a hand of cards with different monetary values on them in the same increments (4, 12, 25 and so on) and use these money cards to bid on cards of different values. When you win an auction, your cards/money are spent; if you don’t, you get your money back. Players bid on cards that give points one at a time while bidding to avoid the ones that lose points. Most points wins, but there’s a catch: if you’re the player with the least amount of cash left at the end, you automatically lose, no matter how many auctions you won. High Society brilliantly makes players walk a tightrope of sabre-rattling, timidity and nail-biting management of the cards in their hand, all in about 15 minutes. The latest edition from Osprey Games with art from Medusa Dollmaker is both beautiful and portable. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Buy High Society on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 2. Condottiere Wrestle for territory in tense bidding battles Condottiere is part auction board game, part battle for area control. Condottiere is a hallmark of creative auction board game design. At first glance, it looks like a map-based battle game. Players are issued a hand of numbered cards and cards with special abilities and then compete in auctions (or “battles” in the game’s parlance) for territories. When a player wins a territory, they get to put a piece on it. Once players have linked together a certain number of territories, they win. The auctions in Condottiere are always high-stress affairs where players are trying to win or manipulate the game in their favour without exhausting their hand. No other game elicits “Whoops” quite in the way this one does. It has an interesting publishing history going back to 1995, with Pandemic maker Z-Man Games recently publishing a new edition. If you’re a purist, you’re going to want to play with the original Eurogames rules, rather than the new ones that add too many cards. If you’re a fan of The Witcher card game Gwent (including its digital board game counterpart), you’ll like this game too, as the designers of Gwent took tons of inspiration from this clever little card game. Buy Condottiere on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 3. Hit Z Road Survive a roadtrip across a zombie-infested USA Hit Z Road's theme is just as inventive as its gameplay, presenting itself as a game within a game. If you’re looking for a quick and dirty auction board game with very fun artwork and theming, Hit Z Road