 is the game for you. Designed by Martin Wallace, the premise is that a kid named Martin created a board game while he and his parents were on the run from a zombie apocalypse. Players have to manage dwindling supplies of ammunition, gas, adrenaline and survivors in an attempt to survive their journey. They bid for turn order in costly auctions, which then decides who gets to pick the first route each round. No game makes getting to go first as high-stakes like this one. Plus, it’s got plenty of dice chucking and a fun combat system with cute little wooden zombies. And, if you’re a fan of inside jokes, you’ll notice plenty of board game humour peppered throughout. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Buy Hit Z Road on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 4. The Estates Send your buildings and profits sky-high with backhanded property deals Players' shady property dealers must do anything necessary to get ahead of the competition in auction board game The Estates. The Estates is one of the most delightful auction board games ever made, and it’s also one of the meanest. Players are shady property developers building stacks of buildings out of little coloured blocks with numbers on them. Each turn, one player is the auctioneer and chooses a block to auction. Players bid once, and then the auctioneer gets to decide whether to pay the high bidder for the privilege of placing the block, or be paid by the bidder who then places it. Players place their blocks along three rows and a building is complete when it is topped with a little roof. If a player places the first block of one of the different colours, they’re the “owner” of that company. However, when a building is complete, only the player who owns the company of the top block scores the points for the building. On top of that, the game ends when two of the rows are complete, and the third scores negative points. This results in some of the most backhanded playing this side of savage strategy classic Diplomacy. You’re auctioning opponents blocks to get them to bid or put them in terrible positions, extending rows while laughing maniacally, capping buildings early. Its a raucous, cut-throat good time. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Buy The Estates on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 5. Irish Gauge Take the express route in this railway auction board game Train board games and auction board games go hand-in-hand - Irish Gauge is one of the most impressive modern additions to the classic genre. Do you like trains? What about tiny yellow, red and blue wooden ones? Yes? You’re in luck because there’s a whole series of train board games that are full of auctions, buying little shares and making cute little routes. They’re called cube rails games, and Irish Gauge is one of the best - though you also can’t go wrong with its siblings Chicago