 shooter for folks who don't want to pony up the cash for Overwatch or dive headfirst into the well-established community of Team Fortress 2 — or for those who need a break from either one. (Image credit: Perfect World Entertainment) 20. Star Trek Online Star Trek Online is an online role-playing game that lets you live out every fantasy you've ever had about boldly going where no one has gone before. This sci-fi space adventure lets you play as a human, as a classic Star Trek alien such as a Vulcan and Cardassian, or even as a member of your own custom alien race. You'll engage in both starship combat and on-the-ground shoot-outs, all while upgrading your tech to become even more power and playing through a rich storyline that delivers plenty of new lore for hardcore Trekkies to sink their teeth into. While Star Trek Online lets you purchase in-game currency for things like outfits and ship skins, you can also experience the entirety of its story for free. There are expansion packs on offer too if you'd prefer to spend your money on extra content. (Image credit: Digital Extremes) 21. Warframe Warframe has been around since the PS4's launch, and the game is still evolving. This online sci-fi shooter casts you as a futuristic space ninja who commands their own Warframe: a remote-controlled robo-suit that has its own distinct attacks and abilities. You can team up with friends to tackle the game's story missions or test your strength in competitive multiplayer, fighting across a Solar System of the far future. Warframe is constantly getting new characters and content, such as customizable spaceships, open-world sections, cinematic quests and of course extra weapons. All this content makes this game a great pick for folks who want to loot and shoot their way through a bunch of cool-looking sci-fi worlds. It's great if you're community-minded too, with one of the busiest fanbases around and an annual fan expo too. How to choose the best free PS4 game for you One of the best ways to get a feel of what a game is about is to simply check the genre. While there's no reason why a game that's not like anything you've played before won't be to your tastes, it's worth checking what type of game each title labels itself as. It will give you a good idea of what mechanics to expect, so you aren't blindsided by a complicated combo system or left unsatisfied by a simplistic control scheme. Some games give you everything they have to offer from the start, and hope you like them enough to spend some real money on them. Others are cut-down versions of paid products, which may result in locked-off content. Either way, it's likely that going for the free option means missing out on something If it's going to bother you not having access to all parts of the game, then steer clear or keep your credit card handy to rectify the situation.