 Express, Paris Connection and German Railways. The best part? All of these games usually clock in at under an hour. They’re also full of delightful bidding wars where auctioning a share of someone else’s company is the equivalent of invading their country in an area-control game like Risk. There’s nothing quite like getting a good dividend payout that you can then use to win more auctions with. Publisher Capstone Games recently reprinted Irish Gauge with lovely art from Ian O’Toole, so now’s a better time than ever to pick it up. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Buy Irish Gauge on Amazon US. 6. Skull A fast and furious bluffing game that'll get into your head Skull or rose? That's the question at the heart of Skull's tense bidding war. Skull is so simple, it can be played with a deck of cards. It’s a quick and dirty party board game of bidding how many roses cards you can flip, without revealing a skull card. Perfect for new gamers or the end of a long session, Skull scratches the same itch as poker without needing any money for stakes. Buy Skull on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 7. El Grande A classic auction board game that feels just as fresh today El Grande might be close to 30 years old, but its clever auction gameplay remains a treat. Published back in 1995, El Grande is a classic board game that refuses to show its age, in part due to its novel auction mechanic. Players are trying to win majorities by placing cubes in various territories on a map. Each player starts with the same hand of power cards that have a numerical value on them. These power cards also allow players to place their pieces on the board to control territory. The higher-numbered cards secure players a higher ranking in the turn order, but they also don’t give as many pieces to place on the map. Players hold a single bid auction with their power cards, and the player who wins gets the first pick of “action cards” that allow players to manipulate the board state further. So, every round in El Grande is about weighing the need to act now versus acting much later in the game - a delicious choice. There’s a big box that’s available for cheap on the reg that’s got fun expansions too. Buy El Grande on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 8. For Sale Careful bidding and bluffing win this high-stakes auction board game Bidding too high can land you in hot water in For Sale. For Sale is an auction board game in two acts. In the first act, you use your limited funds to bid on different properties that range in value from one to 30. The winner pays the highest bid, but all the other players lose half of their money, rounded down. Then, players use the properties they’ve bought in a second round, making a single bid with their