 recently-won property cards to win check cards that, in addition to the money you have left over at the end of the game, constitute your points. A good game of For Sale is a high-stakes game of chicken, full of feints, bluffs, double bluffs and surprise wins. It’s a game where a 1 card, played properly, can turn the tide of the game just as much as a 30 card. Make sure you get the travel version - it’s great to take to a cabin for the weekend. Buy For Sale on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 9. Biblios An auction game with slightly more complexity without the cost of extra time An auction board game in two parts, Biblios is a good time throughout. On its face, Biblios might resemble For Sale in the two distinct phases of the auction board game. But the overall experience of playing is a dramatically different one. The first section of the game has players allocating cards of different values to themselves and the other players. In the second part, players use the cards they’ve acquired to run auctions on cards in the discard pile they’ve built together. Whoever collects the most cards of a type gets the most points at the end of the game. Add in a tiny bit of market manipulation, and you have a clever game of build-your-own-scoring capabilities that plays in under 20 minutes. It’s a scale-up in complexity from other beginner board games featuring auction and bidding mechanics, but it is totally worth it. Buy Biblios on Amazon US/Amazon UK. 10. Taj Mahal The World Wonder lends its name to a grand auction board game Taj Mahal is an auction board game featuring one of designer Reiner Knizia's signature gameplay twists. The second Knizia game to grace this list, this gem is not often placed at the top of his oeuvre, but the auctions in this board game are a bidder’s dream. Over the course of 12 auctions for the right to place little palaces over an interconnected map, players will bid on six mini-auctions simultaneously using cards with symbols of six different types. The catch? The first person to withdraw wins all the mini-auctions for the symbols they have the majority of, then their cards are removed from the bidding. It becomes a rollercoaster of decisions of what to bid, and when to leave and maximize your rewards. If you love an auction board game that offers clever decisions at every turn, Taj Mahal won’t disappoint, in spite of its unusual ruleset. The newest version of the game has fun little stackable palaces too. Buy Taj Mahal on Amazon US/Amazon UK.