 10 best Games Workshop games that aren’t Warhammer
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
Some hidden gems from the biggest miniatures company on the planet.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
If you tell someone you’re into Games Workshop games, most people would naturally assume you play either Warhammer 40,000 or Age of Sigmar. And, most of the time, they’d be right, as the vast majority of GW fans play those two massive miniatures games. (Yes, the Middle-earth Strategy Battle Game has a small, dedicated community and some players prefer the old-school rules of Warhammer 30k, but it’s safe to say they are in the minority.) However, Games Workshop has produced some frankly brilliant boxed games - standalone board games that require no prior knowledge of either Warhammer's rules systems and no vast collections from their wide range of miniatures. While recreating huge battles using the major systems is undeniably fun, these boxed games don’t need any rulebooks, terrain or models that aren’t contained within their cardboard walls. What’s more, they often provide shorter, cheaper and more streamlined experiences. If looking through the countless boxes seems overwhelming or you’d just like some advice on where to start, here are our top picks of the best Games Workshop games that aren’t Warhammer. Best Games Workshop games Blood Bowl: Putting the fantasy into fantasy football. And the murder. Adeptus Titanicus: Tiny titans! HeroQuest: You can’t beat the classics. Warhammer Underworlds: Close-quarters tactics, deckbuilding and stunning miniatures. Space Hulk: Aliens: The Board Game: 40k edition. Lost Patrol: Predator: The Board Game: 40k edition. Forbidden Stars: Interplanetary warfare on a massive scale. Aeronautica Imperialis: Nnneeaoowww! Pew-pew! Necromunda: Fight for domination in the underbelly of the Imperium. Gorkamorka: Mad Max, but with Orks. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 1. Blood Bowl Putting the fantasy into fantasy football - and the murder Part of the expanded Warhammer universe, Blood Bowl sees the wargame's factions swapping a battlefield for the pitch. Anything goes in Blood Bowl. Trolls bash anything they lay their eyes upon. Halflings poison the mid-match feast. The crowd literally dismembers a member