 of the opposition team. A Goblin yeets a chainsaw twice its size at Griff Oberwald - the Old World’s equivalent of Tom Brady. Oh, and there’s some football, too. The game itself is pretty simple - manoeuvre your players by running, passing, and blocking (lots of blocking) to forge a gap in your opponent’s defence that you can exploit to score a touchdown. As with all Games Workshop games, dice play an integral role (pun intended) and more often than not lead to your downfall. League play ups the stakes as reckless play can leave a team ravaged by injuries or a winning streak can allow you to hire hulking trolls or glamorous star players. This is the best way to play, both hilarious and brutal in equal measure. Buy Blood Bowl on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 2. Adeptus Titanicus Tiny titans! Adeptus Titanicus supersizes the miniature combat of Warhammer 40,000 with towering mechs. Image: Luke Shaw Hulking machine behemoths slug it out as the Imperium falls apart around them. 10 millennia before the events of Warhammer 40,000, Adeptus Titanicus pits brother against brother, Space Marine against (Chaos) Space Marine - and you have a front-row seat to watch the treachery of the Horus Heresy play out in your own home. Ideal for Warhammer players who would love to buy a Warlord Titan but don’t have a spare grand to splash on Forge World, the designers pack an incredible amount of detail onto the tiny titan models. But the game itself is even tighter than the miniatures. The rules are deep enough to allow for advanced tactical play, but simple enough that you’ll be able to play with nothing more than a reference sheet after a couple of games. It’s never been more exciting to dive straight into epic city-levelling warfare on the smallest scale. Buy Adeptus Titanicus on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 3. HeroQuest You can’t beat the classics The later Warhammer Quest was based on HeroQuest, but the original eighties classic still stands alone as a uniquely nostalgic experience. Image: whatleydude/Flickr In recent years, HeroQuest has been rebooted under the guise of Warhammer Quest titles Silver Tower and Shadows Over Hammerhal (of which the latter is probably better), but there’s nothing in the current Games Workshop roster that compares to the original. Mighty heroes battling through dungeons and overcoming seemingly insurmountable odds felt more original in the ‘80s than it does now, but either way HeroQuest delivers this tried-and-tested story in one of the best packages. Up to four players test their mettle against a GM, who takes the form of the evil wizard Morcar and tries to stop them at every opportunity. The game involves less roleplaying than something like D&D, but the opportunity to tell great stories across 10 different missions is great fun. Many players treasure their old original editions of