 the game, and copies that pop up online sell for extraordinary prices - a testament to the game’s quality, if nothing else. HeroQuest is harder to come by these days, but you can find copies on sites such as eBay. 4. Warhammer Underworlds Close-quarters tactics, deckbuilding and stunning miniatures The Warhammer Underworlds games blend skirmish strategy with card-driven deckbuilding. Warhammer Underworlds combines deckbuilding with Games Workshop’s usual dicey fare to make a truly unique game in their roster. The different races have satisfyingly varied tactics, so you can try to tailor your deck of objectives to suit your force - be that a horde of six skeletons or a couple of superhuman Stormcast - and your playstyle. This is another specialist game that the company is continuing to support with beautiful new miniatures; if you struggle to paint whole armies, it will be a welcome change to paint just a couple and have a playing force. Buy Warhammer Underworlds on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 5. Space Hulk Aliens: The Board Game: 40k edition Space Hulk is out of print, but if you can find a copy it's well worth picking up. A team of veteran Blood Angels Terminators are sweeping the decks of an apparently-abandoned spaceship when their scanners begin beeping ominously. If you’ve seen Aliens, you’ll know how terrifying this is. Through clever manipulation of line of sight, the Blood Angels player won’t know how many Genestealers are about to ambush them until the last moment, cranking up the tension of every turn, move, and decision. It’s a game of split-second decisions when an assault rifle unexpectedly jams or your Captain unexpectedly cleaves a gap through the writhing mass of alien limbs blocking your path. Space Hulk is out of production at the moment, but you can occasionally find reasonably-priced options on eBay if you keep your eyes peeled and notifications on. As well as copies of the original edition available on sites such as eBay, Space Hulk's recent re-releases can be found on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 6. Lost Patrol Predator: The Board Game: 40k edition Set in the jungles of Catachan, Lost Patrol is a tense and tough game of survival. If Space Hulk is Games Workshop’s homage to Alien, Lost Patrol is its attempt at Predator: The Board Game. This criminally overlooked skirmish game sees a squad of Space Marine Scouts take on the Genestealers. The jungles of Catachan give off huge Predator vibes, and the short games make for incredibly exciting sequences. It’s very difficult to win while playing as the Scouts, but that only makes it so much sweeter when you do. Swapping teams and replaying each mission means it’s less a case of trying to win, and more who can lose less badly. Buy Lost Patrol on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 7. Forbidden Stars Interplanetary warfare on a massive scale Another rarity, Forbidden Stars is an epic strategy game