 of galactic domination. Forbidden Stars is a huge board game of space warfare on an interplanetary scale. Fantasy Flight Games borrowed the Games Workshop IP for this effort and created something unlike any other Warhammer board game. Part bluffing and part long-term tactics, players take control of the Space Marines, Eldar, Orks or Chaos in an attempt to reign supreme over the Herakon Cluster. Each turn involves placing tokens face down to either dominate, strategise, deploy or advance through the galaxy in order to wrest control from the opposing factions. After a period of bluffing, guessing and changing carefully-laid plans on the fly, the tokens are revealed to see who enjoys the spoils of war and whose plans for the turn backfired. One of the most in-depth and large-scale Warhammer 40,000 board games there is, Forbidden Stars is out of production and highly sought-after, so you won’t find it cheap. But, if you’ve got a spare weekend and a thick wad of cash, it’s a game like no other. Buy Forbidden Stars on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 8. Aeronautica Imperialis Nnneeaoowww! Pew-pew! Aeronautica Imperialis is Warhammer 40,000's answer to the likes of Star Wars X-Wing. Image: Games Workshop Games Workshop’s best space battle-simulator, the new edition of Aeronautica Imperialis is considerably better than the previous Forge World edition - and far better supported by the company, too. If you’re already a fan of tabletop dogfighting, the rules will be familiar from games such as X-Wing, but if you’ve never flown a tiny plane across a board squealing “meowwwmmm”, it’s the perfect place to start. The addition of hex tiles makes movement unique compared to other flight-based board games, and the variety of manoeuvres available to your tiny planes leads to a wide range of strategic options each turn. Flying at different altitudes and having a mix of short- and long-ranged weapons makes battles feel excitingly three-dimensional, and the recent addition of Tau gunships has shifted the meta - and proves Games Workshop’s commitment to supporting the game. Buy Aeronautica Imperialis on Amazon US and Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 9. Necromunda Fight for domination in the underbelly of the Imperium Using a different set of skirmishing rules to normal Warhammer 40,000, Necromunda offers a tighter and quicker experience. While Warhammer 40,000 sees the armies of the Imperium battle for honour against the forces of Chaos, Necromunda shows what’s happening in the civilian Hive Worlds are being defended. A wretched hive of scum and villainy if you ever saw one, players take control of one of the many gangs vying to be the top dog in the criminal underworld of Necromunda. You’ll be sucked in by the brilliant worldbuilding and some of Games Workshop’s most inventive models, but the skirmish rules are a definite improvement on the original game. Perhaps the best changes are that models are activated alternately rather than