 10 best tabletop roleplaying games out right now
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
From the best fantasy tabletop RPG alternatives to Dungeons & Dragons, to the sci-fi worlds of Cyberpunk and Star Wars.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
The best tabletop roleplaying games are a colloborative storytelling experience: where you play out your character's actions in a shared imaginary world. Most of the time, you'll roll dice to determine what happens, although ultimately your own plans, strategies and character motivations will shape events. Those same dice will be used for combat too, with tense battle often a big part of the tabletop roleplaying experience. And tabletop RPGs have come a long way since their originator Dungeons & Dragons debuted in the ‘70s. Long considered one of the best tabletop RPGs ever made, D&D is experiencing a golden age of sorts, popping up in the likes of TV show Stranger Things and wildly popular playthrough series Critical Role. However, there are so many brilliant tabletop RPGs out there beyond the esrtwhile Dungeons & Dragons, which cover a broad range of themes, settings and playstyles. Whether you’re looking for a horror, sci-fi or dark-fantasy RPG - and much more besides - we’ve rounded up the best tabletop RPGs of all time that are readily available. All the titles on this list are out right now, just get some polyhedral dice, a sourcebook (or free quickstart guide), and an amenable attitude towards crunching rules, should the glorious mantle of game master - they who control events - come to you. Most RPGS on this list work well as both a one-shot adventure (a full story you can complete in an evening) or an ongoing RPG campaign - meaning your tale take place across several months (or years). Some of these tabletop RPGs are also available online via roleplaying platform Roll20, meaning you don't even need to be in the same room as your friends to adventure together. Best tabletop roleplaying games As well as the best tabletop RPGs on release currently, there are lots of great upcoming tabletop RPGs to keep an eye out for,