 going as far afield as Scandi folklore in Vaeson: Nordic Horror Roleplaying, or the RPG adaptation of Root - one of the best board games ever made. That said, if you want to travel to other worlds - and try out the odd silly voice - there are plenty of tabletop roleplaying games out there to try. Perhaps you’d like to summon eldritch horrors as in Call of Cthulhu, murder all of your friends as an unfortunate clone-bot in dystopian tabletop RPG Paranoia, wield one heck of a mean katana in samurai-sim Legend of the Five Rings or even, gods forbid, fight a dragon via the glorious Dungeons & Dragons. Pack those dice. Let's get rolling. 1. Dungeons & Dragons 5E A fantasy tabletop RPG that has persisted through the ages. The original tabletop RPG, Dungeons & Dragons was invented by Gary Gygax and Dave Armenson. It evolved from medieval wargaming and has gone through five iterations since its 1974 inception, not to mention countless settings. But even after four decades, D&D remains one of the very best tabletop RPGs you can play. While its cinematic adaptations have always fallen short, the tabletop RPG itself has just got bigger, better and more varied over the years. Whether you’d like to scour the war-torn plains of the high-tech Eberron, explore the cursed jungles of Chult or drink cheap beer in the seedy streets of Waterdeep, there’s so many places to explore in D&D. Its current edition, Dungeons & Dragons 5E, prioritises storytelling and immersion more than ever before. The tabletop RPG has persevered over the decades for two reasons: first, it features a range of lore-packed Dungeons & Dragons 5E RPG campaigns that can take you from fantasy kingdoms to a dread demi-plane full of vampires; and secondly, it’s just plain fun to play, a wonderful mix of creative storytelling combined with strategy. It’s also a fantastic tabletop system for creating your own stories in too, as it has a thriving homebrew community via creator marketplace the Dungeon Masters Guild and is hugely adaptable. You can get stuck into fantasy RPG Dungeons & Dragons with a set of polyhedral dice and the free official basic rules, although a copy of the Player's Handbook will supplement these well, along with whatever Dungeons & Dragons 5E sourcebooks appeal - for example, book Volo's Guide to Monsters adds curious beast races like cat-people Tabaxi and the sinister lizardfolk, while D&D campaigns like Descent into Avernus will literally take you to hell and back. Players struggling to find a group could consider trying online RPG platform Roll20 - which allows you to play tabletop RPGs online from anywhere in the world, complete with digital stats, dice rolls and battle maps. The Dungeons & Dragons 5E Starter Set, which includes dice, a short adventure and basic rules. Buy Dungeons & Dragons Starter Set at Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com. 2. Call of Cthulhu 7E A horror tabletop RPG packed full of ancient curses and tentacled monstrosities. Published by