 Chaosium in 1981 and currently in its 7th edition, Call of Cthulhu is a horror tabletop RPG that pulls from the cursed mythos of author HP Lovecraft. As well as rolling from a pool of polyhedral die to combat and investigate, the tabletop RPG also sees you doing sanity checks in a desperate bid to avoid the inevitable madness that befalls your average Lovecraftian protagonist. A game of mysteries and terror, you all play investigators. Although there’s ample opportunity to do battle with unhinged cultists and monstrosities from the great beyond, Call of Cthulhu is not one for combat-junkies - unless lots of death is your bag. Instead, it has arcane puzzles, maddening secrets and an awful lot of fleeing. Call of Cthulhu’s adventures are typically set in the 1920s; however, it has a myriad of spin-offs that spice up the setting, such as Delta Green and Cthulhu Rising, which take the series to the 1980s and 23rd century respectively. Classic Call of Cthulhu campaigns include Masks of Nyarlathotep, an epic multi-part adventure that in which you travel the globe in a bid to save the world from dark entities. There are also a raft of smaller adventures out there for the tabletop RPG, such as the Saturnine Chalice supplement. As well as its physical incarnation, Call of Cthulhu is also available via online tabletop RPG platform Roll20. Fans of cosmic horror may also enjoy the recently released The Yellow King RPG, which is based on some of the short stories that inspired Lovecraft. It’s part of a raft of upcoming tabletop RPGs landing this year. For an easier roleplaying access point to the Cthulhu mythos, be sure to check out rules-light and storytelling RPG Cthulhu Dark, or take a glance at the numerous horror board games that draw from its slick tendrils. The Call pof Cthulhu 7E Starter Set, which includes character sheets, solo and co-op adventures and basic rulesets. Buy Call of Cthulhu Starter Set at Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com. 3. Blades in the Dark A criminal caper tabletop RPG set in a world inspired by Gothic fiction and Victorian London. Blades in the Dark is a particularly unique fantasy RPG - one of our 2019 Games of the Year it turns out. Funded on Kickstarter in 2015, you play a gang of criminals pulling heists in a filthy steampunk-style city. The whole vibe is twisted Victoriana, with plentiful ghosts, lightning and cruel bureaucracy. Its default setting city of constant night Doskvol operates on roughly 19th century technology. Firstly, you all pick a horrible criminal archetype, which can see you speaking to ghosts, robbing shiny goods or summoning hordes of urchins - depending on your tastes. You’ll then band together to pull off shady heists as part of a long-form campaign, playing out the consequences of the last big job - whether that means the city guard are on your trail, or you’ve attracted the attention of a nastier, bigger underworld boss. Blades in the Dark is also one