 set in the new Warhammer miniatures setting Age of Sigmar, is coming to the tabletop later this year. It will do away with the d100 system and looks set to focus more on the epic heroism side of things - with plentiful gods, demons and monsters to battle across multiple plains. The Warhammer Fantasy RPG 4E Start Set, which includes dice, illustrated character sheets, quick start rules and a game master's booklet. Buy Warhammer Fantasy RPG 4E Starter Set at Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com. 5. Deadlands Image credit: SpineBender on Deviant Art A weird west tabletop RPG with a pulp action horror feel. Deadlands has been around in one form or another since 1996. The game plonks you firmly in the Weird West - an alternate history version of America in which the veil between the world as we know it and a mysterious shadow realm known as The Hunting Grounds has been worn thin. The Hunting Grounds is home to The Reckoners, a group of malevolent spirits who feast on fear and want to turn the entire world into a nightmarish hellscape. Terrifying monsters and horrible apparitions stalk the shadows of the Weird West, making it a dangerous place for any cowpoke to live. Deadlands is pulp action horror at its finest. You might be solving a pot-boiler murder mystery one session and fighting a werewolf in a dive bar the next. The atmosphere that pervades the game is three parts Deadwood, two parts X-Files and a pinch of Blazing Saddles. It’s easily one of the most evocative settings on the tabletop. The real fun, however, comes from deciding how much your character wants to engage with the things that go bump in the night. Your gunslinger might be a complete greenhorn, having never seen anything supernatural or even stubbornly not believing in any of it; a grizzled monster hunter who’s killed more supernatural creatures then they’ve had baths; or, best of all, they might themselves be part of the weirdness that so characterises Deadlands. Players can choose from a number of supernatural character builds, of which the best is undoubtedly the huxter. Huxters are essentially warlocks. Instead of entering into a pact with a patron deity, however, they play hands of poker against the creatures of The Hunting Grounds in order to harness their power and fuel their magic abilities. Trying to put the grift on an actual demon is quite the dangerous feat, as you might imagine, but, then, the Weird West is a dangerous place… The Deadlands RPG corebook. Buy Deadlands RPG at Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com. 6. Cyberpunk Red Hack the system with this dystopian sci-fi tabletop RPG packed full of high-tech and evil corporations. Whatever instalment of Cyberpunk you play, you’re guaranteed violent hijinks, filthy streets and lurid technology. All the tropes of the genre are here to be explored, from evil corporations that sit in glittering skyscrapers to Mad Max-esque street warriors and psycho maniacs all hopped up on steel and ultra-drugs. As well as