 fighting (and the combat in Cyberpunk is traditionally, pretty damn brutal) you can also set your steely fingertips to hacking - known as netrunning - in Cyberpunk. In terms of themes, let's just say the future is bad. You’re unlikely to be a troupe of moralistic adventurers in Cyberpunk, more a motley of eccentrics, outcasts and criminals. The tone is dark, the combat punishing and the world itself cruel. That said, it’s straightforward enough for tabletop roleplaying newcomers to learn how to play the Cyberpunk tabletop RPG. Like the bulk of tabletop RPGs out there, Cyberpunk uses a set of polyhedral die, a sourcebook and friends with a taste for alternative settings. Originally released in the ‘80s, the Cyberpunk tabletop RPG has rolled through a few editions over the years, Cyberpunk 2013 and Cyberpunk 2020. The latest upcoming tabletop RPG Cyberpunk Red, takes place in 2045 - making it a sequel to the previous instalments. While we wait for the full upcoming tabletop RPG to land, the stripped-down Cyberpunk Red Jumpstart Kit is already available. The Cyberpunk Red RPG Jumpstart Kit, which includes dice, rules, lore and adventures, plus pre-genereated characters. Buy Cyberpunk Red RPG Jumpstart Kit at Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com . 7. Paranoia A hilarious competitive sci-fi tabletop RPG which encourages you to screw over your friends. Blackly comic and Orweillian down to its core, Paranoia is a dystopian sci-fi tabletop RPG. Known as Troubleshooters, you are initially tasked with carrying out tasks for your psychotic robot overlord - a malevolent AI known as Friend Computer - based across gigantic futuristic city Alpha Complex. Most of these assignments involve dealing with perceived threats to society, such as mutants and secret societies (especially those Communists), but also involve more mundane errands like putting down a robot that has inexplicably learnt to feel pain. The primary antagonist of Paranoia, Friend Computer is so murderous, it produces citizens in groups of identical sixes - meaning that you’ll be playing clones of yourself throughout. Additionally, happiness is mandatory in Alpha Complex. And like everything else, misery is punishable by death. As a game, it actually fits the competitive tabletop RPG mould, over the usual co-operative fare. If you’re looking for a tabletop RPG that’s hilarious and also actively encourages you to murder your mates, this is the one for you. While the subject matter of totalitarianism might be pretty heavy, Paranoia encourages tongue-in-cheek theatrics more then it does weighty meditations on politics. Friend Computer’s directives, which mostly comprise contradictory, nonsensical demands feature throughout. First published in 1984, the Paranoia tabletop RPG has seen several iterations over the years - including spin-offs, novels and the Paranoia: Happiness is Mandatory video game. Paranoia requires a games master, and is definitely one of the heavier games on this list in terms of rules. Player-wise however, it's super straight forward. Plus, knowing the rules is actually treasonous for you in-game and as is tradition, treason is punishable by death. Thanks, Friend Computer. As such, Paranoia encourages folks