 Board game releases 2021: 10 upcoming board games you should play
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
These are the hottest board game releases hitting the shelves in the coming year.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
Getting excited about an upcoming game is a wonderful thing, so this list is here to stoke those particular fires and to give you a good idea of what to expect in the coming months. If you haven’t already got a clear idea of which tabletop titles to keep track of in the near future, reading through this collection will get you up to date with the biggest board game releases of 2021. Some entries on this list have a prestigious studio or design team behind them, whilst others are attached to a licence that’s seen plenty of love poured into it - either way, the board games on here have a lot of anticipation hanging around them. Several of the games featured on this list have had very successful Kickstarter campaigns and are set to finally be released in 2021, whereas a few of them have been waiting in the wings for quite some time now. Hopefully, we will see the arrival of the titles on this list fairly soon - though release dates are not always guaranteed, of course. Board game releases 2021 Frosthaven: After the most successful tabletop Kickstarter campaign ever seen, there’s good reason to be excited about the sequel to Gloomhaven. Quest: A spiritual successor to popular hidden role game The Resistance: Avalon, Quest continues the story of the Round Table knights. Descent: Legends of the Dark: The sequel to Journeys in the Dark, this enormous dungeon-crawling adventure is one hefty upcoming release. Burncycle: A co-op game about becoming a team of robots infiltrating the headquarters of humanity from the studio behind Too Many Bones. Oath: Chronicles of Empire and Exile: The hotly anticipated release from the designer of Root and Pax Pamir that puts elements of legacy games into a fantasy setting. Lizard Wizard: Become scaly magicians in this sequel to Raccoon Tycoon that features spell-creation and dungeon-raiding. Critical Role Adventures: