 The newly-formed publishing house from the team behind Critical Role is releasing a board game based on the actual play D&D series. Darkest Dungeon: Based on the indie video game about the perils of exploring dangerous ruins, this adaptation looks to embody the moody tone of its source material. Soul Raiders: From the creator of Splendor, this ambitious narrative game will contain more than 1,000 cards in an epic adventure. HeroQuest: The long-awaited revival of one of the most beloved adventure board games ever created is finally arriving this coming year. Whether you’re anticipating the next big box co-op campaign, another tabletop adaptation of a cult classic video game or the next release from a renowned designer, this list contains shining examples of the best board games that players have to look forward to in the near future. It’s time to get excited about the next 12 months, as we cover 10 of the best upcoming board games set to release in 2021. 1. Frosthaven The sequel to Gloomhaven promises players another narrative-driven campaign The game's outpost will gradually grow as players add new buildings. There’s simply no downplaying the sheer popularity of Gloomhaven. A co-op board game taking place in and around a city inhabited by scores of people looking for the right mercenary band to complete their quests, Gloomhaven has become one of the most well-known board games out there - even ending up on the lips of people who might otherwise not be aware of most tabletop releases. Considering this level of fame, it’s unsurprising that its sequel, Frosthaven, is currently among some of the most anticipated games set to be released in 2021. After a tremendously successful crowdfunding campaign - raising almost $13 million within a month, becoming the highest-funded tabletop Kickstarter of all time - Frosthaven is carrying a heck of a lot of weight on its shoulders. The fantasy title shifts the story to a new group of adventurers who answer the distress call of a frozen outpost north to the city of Gloomhaven. Terrorised by the dangerous creatures that populate the area, this inhospitable place is in need of some serious repairs and a band of brave mercenaries willing to protect them for the monsters that threaten them. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Whereas Gloomhaven was purely driven by players’ questing, Frosthaven provides players with the opportunity to develop the outpost they’re protecting using raw materials they find in their adventures. By improving the settlement, players aren’t only making it more durable against attacks from outside forces, but can also construct buildings that their characters can directly benefit from. They’ll need all the help they can get, because the enemies in Frosthaven are sure to pose a challenge - as players will have to deal with any buff opponents may receive from certain seasons in play. Find out if you and your mates are up for the challenge when Frosthaven is released. Buy Frosthaven from Zatu and