 Kickstarter. 2. Quest A hidden role title that pits the knights of Camelot against the forces of evil The artwork for Quest's character cards is incredibly striking. The Resistance: Avalon became an instant classic when it released back in 2012, cementing itself as one of the most well-regarded party games of the modern era. Despite its setting being nothing particularly unique - we’ve all seen plenty of games themed around Arthurian legends - Avalon’s complex approach to the hidden role genre and the variety of different character abilities on offer helped it to quickly rise through the ranks to become a favourite of many players. Quest is a spiritual successor to Avalon, taking place in the same universe and possibly several years after the previous game - although the exact time frame has not been confirmed. Featuring many of the characters found in Avalon, Quest sees four to ten players taking their place at the Round Table and deciding who should be sent on a series of vital missions. The fall of Avalon is nigh, with the wicked sorcerer Mordred seeking to topple Arthur from the throne by luring his followers over to her side. In a desperate attempt to prevent this, the king and his remaining loyal servants must successfully complete several quests without the meddling of Mordred and her secret minions. Throughout the game, players select a leader for each quest, whose responsibility is to choose two other players to join them. Whoever the leader chooses secretly decides whether they want the mission to succeed or fail. Before this step is finalised, one player is given a magic token which forces them to vote for the quest to succeed. The fate of the game rests on how many quests succeed or fail, with the option to add secret roles and amulets to mixt the game up even further. Avalon may be a hard act to follow, but we’ll just have to see whether Quest matches up to it. Submit a late pledge for Quest on Kickstarter. 3. Descent: Legends of the Dark This blockbuster release looks to provide even bigger adventures than its predecessor Legends of the Dark will apparently have a staggeringly large amount of components. Having leaked over the summer, Descent fans were well prepared for the sequel to Journeys in the Dark when it was finally officially revealed. What they possibly weren’t ready for is just how enormous both the game and its $175 price tag look to be. Descent: Legends of the Dark is a dungeon-crawling board game that sees players taking on the roles of brave adventurers exploring the deepest depths of the land of Terrinoth. Much like the first entry in the series, and the Second Edition of the game released in 2012, Legends of the Dark will feature a series of missions for players to pursue and enemies to battle. Unlike the first game, Legends of the Dark will contain 46 pieces of 3D terrain players can use to build the