 various locations they’ll be exploring. Keeping in line with many of Fantasy Flight Games’ recent releases, such as Mansions of Madness and Lord of the Rings: Journeys in Middle-earth, Legends of the Dark will also feature a companion app that will integrate with the 3D terrain and instruct players on what to place as they explore the world. There will be six different heroes to choose from, each with their own unique skills and abilities for players to master and develop as they progress through each of the 16 available missions in the core box’s campaign. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings How players decide to approach these quests is entirely up to them, but they’ll have the option to visit a nearby city to purchase new equipment or upgrade their current arsenal between scenarios. As enemies get tougher and start adapting to players’ actions during combat, getting better weapons and tools might be a necessary step. Players get three actions to perform each turn, including moving, attacking and exploring. Characters can also be readied by having their hero sheet flipped onto its other side - thereby enabling a different set of skills and abilities to be used. Keep an eye out for this particular behemoth of a game to release in Q2 2021. Buy Descent: Legends of the Dark on Zatu and Fantasy Flight Games. 4. Burncycle It’s the far-flung future and this time the robots are the heroes Players become mechanical freedom-fighters in this co-op game. Welcome to a post-apocalyptic future where the last remains of humanity maintain an iron-fisted control over a civilisation of robots once considered their saviours. Now, after years of mistreatment and imprisonment, the robots have decided to infiltrate the headquarters of humanity itself in order to free themselves and their kind from their masters’ control. In this case, the players are not the humans but the plucky robots seeking emancipation. If Burncycle’s unusual premise doesn’t interest you, the fact that it’s being developed by the studio behind Too Many Bones - the co-op board game that combines dice-rolling with roleplaying mechanics - should spark some excitement. In Burncycle, players control the team of infiltrating robots by moving them from floor to floor of the enormous building they find themselves in. Each room they discover may contain various useful items that they can use along the way, as well as networks they can hack to open up new pathways forward. Obviously, the robots aren’t going to swan through the entire HQ of humanity without facing some resistance, meaning that they’ll have to battle human guards and security systems along the way. During each round of the game, players will have to adhere to a random set of programming directives that dictate the order in which certain actions have to be played. However, if players happen to have action dice to spend, then they can choose to pass over certain directives or ignore them entirely. In order to successfully pull