 off their heist, players will need to complete all their missions before their captain is defeated or the threat level of the game exceeds its maximum limit. Should you and your friends desire to become a team of revolutionary robots, look out for this fresh new release next year. Submit a late pledge for Burncycle on Kickstarter. 5. Oath: Chronicles of Empire & Exile Consolidate power or squabble over the remains in this epic board game about ruling a kingdom The artwork for Oath is from the talented artist behind Root, Kyle Ferrin. Up to this point, Cole Wehrle has had a pretty flawless track record when it comes to designing tabletop games. Having created arguably one of the best board games of all time in Root, before going on to make Matt’s favourite release of last year with Pax Pamir: Second Edition, Wehrle has already built up quite the portfolio. Wehrle’s next game, Oath: Chronicles of Empire & Exile, could continue this trend by providing players with an epic experience of developing the history of an ancient land and deciding its future. In Oath, one to six players become characters in a land seemingly stuck in a constant state of political upheaval, wherein one chancellor is seemingly overthrown by another in short order. One player begins the game as this chancellor, desperate to maintain grip on their remaining power and willing to share it with those who are able to stay loyal to them. The other players start proceedings as exiles seeking to claim their own sources of power, whether by offering promises to gather support or discovering dark secrets to manipulate to suit their own needs. As each game progresses, players can explore the world of Oath and populate it with the various characters they meet along the way, essentially writing their own narratives. However, only one player can ever end the game in the role of chancellor, with the other players remaining empty-handed or possibly left to worser fates. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings What’s especially interesting about Oath is that the game has legacy elements but is not a complete legacy game. Whilst players do not permanently alter the game’s components or remove anything like in many full legacy games, whatever happens at the end of each game of Oath goes on to affect how the next one begins. Once a playthrough of Oath is finished, players take account of what has happened during the chronicle phase, ensuring that the next game’s board will be re-centred around the previous game’s winner, with the victory condition adjusted accordingly and additional cards getting added to the deck. In the next game - or generation - of Oath, players will have a slightly different experience then the one they had last time. It’s an unusual and incredibly exciting prospect for a game. Submit a late pledge for Oath: Chronicles of Empire and Exile on Kickstarter. 6. Lizard Wizard The next game in the