 Raccoon Tycoon series centres upon magically-inclined reptiles. Lizard Wizard is stuffed full of adorable animals performing magic. If you haven’t heard of 2018’s Raccoon Tycoon, it’s an auction game about wealthy business people taking advantage of a sudden economic boom by supplying towns, factories and train lines with the resources they need to run. Those wealthy business people also happen to be various adorable animals impeccably dressed in various finery befitting a well-to-do entrepreneur about town. Its unique art style and crafty gameplay helped to cement its status as a beloved board game that also happens to be about acquiring a market share in a competitive economy. Proving that an excellent theme can elevate almost any type of game above its competitors, Raccoon Tycoon is instantly more recognisable and approachable than many other titles focused around supply-and-demand. However, the world of Astoria isn’t just populated by ambitious business owners. It also happens to be home to an organisation of magic users that deal in spells and sorcery. This is where the follow-up to Raccoon Tycoon, Lizard Wizard, picks things up - by having the players become magicians who create their own spells to sell to an unending sea of customers. If the sorcerers want to have wares to ply, then they’ll need to gather the right reagents required to create mana - a power source that can be used to recruit arch-mages, summon familiars and research spellcasting. Acquiring any of these resources can give a player the edge over their rivals, allowing them to explore the outside world for rewards and additional reagents. As in Raccoon Tycoon, the aim of the game is to steadily build an empire that feeds into itself, growing ever larger and dominating the economic market. When the game ends, whichever scaly sorcerer has the highest total of wizard towers, gold and scoring spells is named the winner and presumably gets to turn their opponents into frogs. (Unless they already started that way.) This charmingly-illustrated board game about magical lizardfolk looks to continue the good work of its predecessor. Buy Lizard Wizard: Kickstarter Edition on Zatu. 7. Critical Role Adventures Tell your own stories in the world of Exandria as the heroes of Vox Machina Members of the Critical Role cast are involved in the creation of this upcoming game. To say that Critical Role is popular would be an understatement. The Dungeons & Dragons 5E actual play series has exploded since it first began in 2015, leading to a comic book adaptation, an animated Amazon series and even its own D&D 5E sourcebook. Considering its enormous fanbase, its unsurprising that the show - which sees actors Matt Mercer, Ashley Johnson, Laura Bailey, Marisha Ray, Liam O’ Brian, Travis Willingham, Sam Reigal and Taliesin Jaffe playing D&D 5E - has led to the creation of a publishing studio. One of the games set to be released in 2021 by newfounded label Darrington Press is Critical Role Adventures, which appears to centre around the characters from the