 show’s first campaign. The party featured in season one of Critical Role is called Vox Machina and is made up of an interesting bunch of individuals including a gunslinger, a half-elf patron of the goddess of death and a goliath. These heroes came together to encounter an epic narrative containing everything from dragons to vampires to evil deities, with some truly spectacular stories told throughout the campaign. With Critical Role Adventures, it looks like players will be able to experience these stories for themselves as they become members of Vox Machina and explore the world of Exandria. There aren’t too many details on what kind of scenarios players will face in the game, but we do know they can expect to tackle various combat scenarios and make key narrative decisions that will affect the overarching story. Being based on a D&D campaign, it would make sense if Critical Role Adventures took a page from the (rule)book of games such as Gloomhaven when it comes to integrating RPG elements into a board game. However the designers decide to handle things, being able to play as members of Vox Machina is still hugely exciting. Critical Role Adventures isn't available for purchase yet. Fans of the show can buy Munchkin: Critical Role on Zatu. 8. Darkest Dungeon: The Board Game Delve into the depths of long-forgotten ruins in this adaption of the gloomy video game Each character in Darkest Dungeon has their own unique set of abilities. Originally released in 2015, Darkest Dungeon has become a cult classic amongst lovers of indie video games. Dripping with a heavy atmosphere of dread and sadness, Darkest Dungeon twists the standard fantasy narrative of a group of adventurers questing in a dungeon into a nightmarish scenario. It’s a game that understands the kind of toil that venturing into ancient ruins filled to brim with terrifying creatures would have on a person, resulting in party members experiencing changes to their personality or mindset that can have a direct impact on how they play. Considering how clearly it’s been influenced by tabletop roleplaying games and dungeon-crawlers, it’s unsurprising that Darkest Dungeon is now being adapted into a board game. Coming from Mythic Games - the publisher behind Time of Legends: Joan of Arc and Hel: The Last Saga - Darkest Dungeon looks to translate many of the elements from the video game to the tabletop, including the potential for player characters to experience various status conditions that affect their behaviours. Players will experience a campaign of 11 possible missions, with several boss encounters along the way. As they make their way through the various locations in the game, they’ll gradually experience stress, forcing the player to move their character’s stress track. Journeying between rooms has players rolling dice to see what they encounter along the way, which could be everything from traps to interesting curios. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Rooms can also contain enemies that players will need to fight off