 using their character’s various abilities - which differ depending on their class type - all whilst coping with any potential status effects they might have. All in all, Darkest Dungeon seems to promise players all the doom and gloom they’ve possibly enjoyed in the video game, but within a co-op tabletop experience. The intense challenge of the original certainly looks to be making its way into the board game, so it’s perfect for players that enjoy overcoming seemingly impossible odds. View Darkest Dungeon: The Board Game on Kickstarter. 9. Soul Raiders Embark on an epic quest to prevent impending doom in this narrative-driven board game Players take the role of heroes attempting to stop a terrible catastrophe from happening. Marc Andr? might be best-known for beloved board game Splendor - which sees players competing to trade precious gems to noble families - but the designer’s next game looks to be something very different. Soul Raiders appears to be a story-focused tabletop experience that features more than 1,000 cards for players to use and interact with. Considering that Splendor is known for its relatively small amount of components and straightforward gameplay, this upcoming release is quite an unexpected direction for the designer to take - though certainly not an unwanted one. With the success of titles such as Gloomhaven and 7th Continent, epic games that allow players to explore a story campaign in a detailed world are certainly hot at the moment. Soul Raiders will contain multiple one- to two-hour long chapters that make up the game’s entire campaign, with players having the opportunity to decide the direction of the story at various points. As players explore the world of Soul Raiders, they’ll have to draw encounter cards that present new scenarios for them to interact with and overcome. There is quite a level of freedom within the game, with no set turn order and players able to even split up into individual groups to pursue different quest lines and explore other locales. However, players will have to make sure they don’t stray too far away from one another, as they all share the same pool of hit points and are under threat of capture if they happen to linger too long in one area. The art for the game features work from Magic: The Gathering illustrator Magali Villeneuve, as well as several more talented individuals. Players can also expect a collection of miniatures within the game box, ensuring that the immersion and presentation levels will be through the roof. The Kickstarter campaign for Soul Raiders is set to launch sometime early in 2021, so keep an eye out for that if you’re intrigued. Soul Raiders is due to launch on Kickstarter in Q1 2021. 10. HeroQuest After more than 30 years, the beloved dungeon-crawler is coming back to the tabletop HeroQuest will contain a wide variety of monsters, treasures and useful items for players to encounter. The name HeroQuest certainly seems to carry a weight to it. First released back