 10 most influential board games since Catan
10 best festive Magic: The Gathering cards for Christmas
5 best Catan expansions for every type of player
Best family board games for any age to enjoy
The best two-player board games 2020
What are the best board games and RPGs of 2020? The team decides in a special GOTY Dicebreaker Podcast!
Games of the Year 2020: Junk Art co-designer Sen-Foong Lim
Games of the Year 2020: Alice is Missing and Icarus creator Spenser Starke
Games of the Year 2020: Delve creator Anna Blackwell on the solo roleplaying of Thousand Year Old Vampire and Ironsworn
Board games. For everyone.
The brightest spots of the tabletop’s golden age.
Planeswalking in the Air.
Freshen up the classic board game with these essential expansions.
Gather old and young round for some of the top family board games.
Work together or against each other, these great two-player board games will keep you occupied for days.
2020: good for games, bad for just about everything else.
Making maps, committing crimes and finding friends.
Dark labyrinths, train travel and shelf stacking.
Plus why you should play The Wretched and The Artefact.
A list of the most influential board games of all time is about as boring as it is impossible. How does anyone quantify chess, or Go, or any of the other ancient pillars of strategy that have informed literal centuries of game design? How can anyone compare Gloomhaven to, I don't know, Monopoly? We've decided to excise that problem out of the list. Instead, we've come up with a tabulation of the most influential tabletop experiences since the release of Settlers of Catan in 1995. Or, perhaps more accurately, the most influential board games since the dawn of the hobby's new golden age. Android: Netrunner: The card game that changed how card games are sold. Star Wars: X-Wing Miniatures Game: The miniatures game that welcomed everyone to the table. Codenames: A party game made with designer pedigree. 7 Wonders: The card game that put drafting on the map Star Realms: A huge, cinematic experience - in nothing more than a deck of cards XCOM: The Board Game: The game that merged iPhones with dice rolls. Dominion: The original deckbuilder. Zombicide: Kickstarter's first golden child. Cards Against Humanity: The game that made tabletop fashionable. Pandemic Legacy: Season 1: The game that changed what board games could be. This was a tough thing to wrought. There are so many different ways a game can be influential. There's been plenty of mechanical innovation in the last 25 years, but the way board games are made, advertised and produced is also radically different in our communal, crowdfunded economy. There's no easy way to balance all of those factors, but generally, we tried to focus on the games that felt like a real beginning of something - be that an aesthetic, a design decision or a more metatextual wrinkle in tabletop culture. The post-Catan era has been a truly bountiful time for the hobby. Let's hope it continues unabated. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 1. Android: