 Netrunner The card game that changed how card games are sold Gone but not forgotten: despite its own cancellation in 2018, Netrunner's influential living card game format has been picked up by a number of subsequent releases. Collectible card games are expensive. Too expensive. The business model - which asks players to cash their paychecks on endless booster packs in hopes of securing the one card they actually want - is willfully exploitative. So thank god for Android: Netrunner, which came along in the early 2010s and showed the world that publishers could make the CCG space a little bit kinder. Netrunner was a great game for a whole bunch of design reasons, but the thing that stands out in retrospect was its ‘living card game’ mantra: the idea that buyers would know exactly what was in each pack before they bought them. That was a revolution, and the LCG format has persisted unabated since. Android: Netrunner is out of print, but secondhand copies can be found here and there. Alternatively, spiritual successor Project NISEI is available in print-and-play form on a pay-what-you-like basis. 2. Star Wars: X-Wing Miniatures Game The miniatures game that welcomed everyone to the table Saving the hassle of assembling and painting models with its pre-made miniatures, X-Wing captured the speed and tension of Star Wars' dogfights. Right out of the box, X-Wing's starter set lets you immediately jump into deep-space dogfights. You receive three pre-assembled ships, a handful of tokens and plenty of cards to create your own little intergalactic skirmish on the kitchen table. In an industry that so frequently favours huge handfuls of dice and £100 unpainted orcs, Fantasy Flight democratised the minis experience for total newcomers. X-Wing remains a beloved institution, so let's hope that lesson isn't forgotten anytime soon. Buy Star Wars: X-Wing Miniatures Game on Amazon US or Amazon UK. 3. Codenames A party game made with designer pedigree With the talent of designer Vlaada Chv?til behind its clever word puzzle, Codenames became one of the most influential board games in years upon its release in 2015. Who would've thought that Vlaada Chv?til would bring the world a classic party game? The sort of thing that gets stocked in supermarkets? Somehow, the designer who made Through The Ages and Galaxy Trucker - arcane, wonderful tabletop experiences for hardcore tabletop lifers - arrived in 2016 with a lightweight, sub-£20 box that has already been recorded as an all-time, ultra-mainstream modern classic. It is easy to look at casual games like a monolith - that, no matter what, when you go over to a friend's house, Apples to Apples will make an appearance. Chv?til broke that hegemony in two. Buy Codenames on Amazon US or Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 4. 7 Wonders The card game that put drafting on the map This year saw the release of a second edition of 7 Wonders, making it a good time to pick it up if