 Home Best Picks Gaming The best PC games of 2020 By Richard Priday 03 December 2020 These are the best PC games for all kinds of players Shares Comments (0) (Image credit: 505 Games) The best PC games come in all shapes and sizes, with many unique to the platform and many more available on both your gaming desktop or laptop and dedicated games consoles. That's why the games we suggest here are both selected from a variety of genres and either the only or best way to experience these titles. If you have the choice of consoles, there are still good reasons to play games on PC above other methods. Using a mouse and keyboard for FPS games or strategy titles is often much easier and more fun than struggling with imprecise analog sticks or limited controller inputs. Others are visually stunning, and deserve to be played on the most powerful hardware to show them off at their best. And even if this year is the start of a new console generation, the PC will always have an upper hand in graphics as long as you have the budget. Best gaming PCs - if you need an upgrade or the ultimate battlestation How about trying the next frontier of gaming with the best VR games On a budget? Here are the best cheap gaming headsets What's more, it's a lot easier to get a hold of a gaming PC or laptop and start playing the latest and greatest games than it is to buy one of a very limited stock of Xbox Series X or PS5 consoles. All you need is one of our top gaming PCs or gaming laptop picks, and you can get started right away with these best games for PC. What are the best PC games? Because there's such a huge number of them, our list can only capture a small number of the total number of great PC gaming experiences. Nonetheless, you'll hopefully find something you'll like from our selection. If you're an action fan, then shooting down aliens in Gears 5 or slicing demons to pieces in Devil May Cry 5 are the top picks for you. They both look gorgeous in their own way, and have mechanics that have been polished through the entire length of their long-running franchises, with these installments being the best yet. If you'd prefer something slower paced but still a thrill, then XCOM: Chimera Squad is a strategy title that will see you test your mental powers against those who seek to destroy the tenuous human-alien alliance, with the help of a unique cast of agents. Red Dead Redemption 2 and Disco Elysium are a pair of titles that will provide you with many hours of content to explore. RDR2 is full of exquisitely modelled environments for you to explore, while Disco Elysium focuses more on your character's own internal conflicts, with the RPG systems that make up the game reflecting the detective work you undertake as