 you've never played before. Little-known fact: 7 Wonders didn't actually invent card drafting. Picking and passing cards around the table first surfaced in a little-known game called Fairy Tale. That said, Antoine Bauza's greatest design proved that a massive, era-spanning civilisation-building game could be effectively delivered in 45 minutes, with an indelible ease of access that brings in everyone from your most hardcore grognards to your parents. If there is a marquee family-friendly game that every board game baron tries to replicate, 7 Wonders is, and always will be, a great target. Buy 7 Wonders on Amazon US or Amazon UK. 5. Star Realms A huge, cinematic experience - in nothing more than a deck of cards Star Realms offers a lot of game in not a lot of box. All of us have become accustomed to the reality that our homes will forever be clogged with heaps of supersized cardboard boxes. That never seemed particularly fair. I mean, a copy of Lords of Waterdeep could feasibly fit in a shoebox. But then along came Star Realms, which proved that not only could a rich, dynamic empire-building game live in a box little bigger than a standard pack of cards, it also didn't need to cost more than £15. White Wizard Games heralded the era of the svelte, minimalist counter to board gaming's maximalist fetish. We certainly appreciate that relief. Buy Star Realms on Amazon US or Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 6. XCOM: The Board Game The game that merged iPhones with dice rolls XCOM showed that physical games and digital technology could complement and even enhance each other. It's sort of weird that XCOM didn't catch on more. The game was generally well-received when it made landfall in 2014, and translating a beloved strategy video game franchise to the tabletop realm seemed like a winning pitch. It’s not played as much these days - which is a shame, because there aren't many games that take its risks. To simulate its alien invasion, XCOM uses a corresponding digital app to put some added pressure on the players. Some people can't get over the heresy of busting out an iPhone in the middle of a board game. (A cardinal sin!) But the industry has taken notice, and between Mansions of Madness and Journeys in Middle-Earth, technology is augmenting the tabletop experience as we know it. Buy XCOM: The Board Game on Amazon US or Amazon UK. 7. Dominion The original deckbuilder Dominion invented deckbuilding, and its influence a decade on reaches far and wide. Here's a hot take: no game has done deckbuilding better since Dominion pioneered the mechanic in 2008. Yes, other games have bolted on a richer narrative, additional mechanics or a change of resources (dice-building, bag-building, et al.), but as far as that simple sensation goes - adding good cards to your deck and slowly weeding out the bad ones - Dominion remains lean, mean and relentlessly fascinating. It