 is strange to find a board game with a radical new idea that fits so perfectly amongst the greater tabletop oeuvre. It's honestly surprising that it took until 2008 to come up with the mechanic in the first place. Today, you can find deckbuilding in everything from hard-nosed RPG-in-a-box Gloomhaven and the Pathfinder Adventure Card Game to video games such as Slay The Spire. Not bad for a £30 box. Buy Dominion on Amazon US or Amazon UK. 8. Zombicide Kickstarter's first golden child Zombicide was one of the first board games to make a huge splash on Kickstarter - and has been followed by a number of multi-million crowdfunding campaigns since. Okay, let's be clear, Zombicide is a pretty standard Ameritrash blood 'n’ guts romp. There was no shortage of figurine-stuffed boxes before it, and the continued onslaught of cargo will continue long after it fades to memory. All that being said, Zombicide still absolutely deserves to be on this list for what it did to crowdfunding. It is difficult to remember how, in 2012, the idea of turning to the public to get a tabletop project off the ground was a truly unprecedented endeavor. But Zombicide raised a whole bunch of money and christened the era of the seven-figure Kickstarter for years to come. Our plastic lust will never be satiated. Buy Zombicide on Amazon US or Amazon UK. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings 9. Cards Against Humanity The game that made tabletop fashionable Cards Against Humanity may be divisive, but it's hard to deny its impact on the face of modern tabletop gaming. Love it or hate it, it is undeniable that a huge cross-section of people were introduced to the world of indie, small-batch board games - the part of the industry that lives outside of the Hasbro estate - through Cards Against Humanity. The humour hasn't aged well, the gameplay was always a little trite and the allegations of abusive workplace culture are hard to swallow, but in the fallout of its seismic release back in 2011 newly-ordained tabletop fans were flocking to their friendly local game stores. That has to count for something. Buy Cards Against Humanity on Amazon US or Amazon UK. 10. Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 The game that changed what board games could be Pandemic Legacy wasn't the first legacy game, but its release fully demonstrated what the inventive genre could achieve. Pandemic Legacy wasn't the first legacy board game; that honour belongs to Risk Legacy, which arrived in 2011. That being said, Pandemic Legacy deserves the honour here because 1) Pandemic is a better game than Risk, and 2) Risk Legacy never became the white-hot phenomenon that the first season of Pandemic Legacy did in 2015. It is difficult to describe the moment looking back, but the tabletop community was shoved face-first into this strange new world where, for the first time ever, spoiler warnings waited in the depths of the cardboard. Matt Leacock