 Although the alien in your number is a problem, much like Among Us the group also needs to complete a variety of tasks each round to simply last another day in the harsh environment. Every round sees a new mission that the players must achieve by collecting items and performing specific actions. Successfully finishing missions allows the group to sweep the station, clearing rooms and potentially identifying The Thing - allowing them to kill it before it evolves into an unstoppable force. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings As the game progresses, the infection can spread and bring more players onto the side of the alien Thing. The infected players can undermine the group’s attempts to complete missions, slowing their progress towards escaping on the McMurdo Station helicopter and leading them to fail if they struggle to fully clear the station. If the group does make it to the helicopter, the humans must still be sure that no-one among them is an alien. Otherwise, they (and humanity) lose. Infection at Outpost 31 effectively captures the tension and suspicion of The Thing, combined with its desperate fight for survival in an inhospitable environment. While its backstabbing might not be quite as literal as Among Us’ murderous betrayals, it’s no less thrilling and savage - whether you’re a fan of the film or not. Buy The Thing: Infection at Outpost 31 on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 3. Dead of Winter Work to survive together - or win alone In Dead of Winter, a traitor among the group means it's not just the zombies outside who are a threat. A modern board gaming classic in its own right, Dead of Winter drops players into the midst of a zombie apocalypse. The survivors must fight to survive together in a world populated by the walking dead, but there’s a traitor among them who only has their personal interests in mind. Each round sees the group of survivors - each with their own unique abilities - venture out of their safe colony to gather vital supplies. As they search for food and equipment, they’ll need to deal with the danger of zombies, avoiding infection and death. Each round the group must fulfil a given objective, working toward an overall victory condition. As well as the group’s shared goals, each player has a secret goal they must achieve to individually win by the end of the game. In some cases, this can see one person turn against the entire group as a lone traitor, scheming to win alone by undoing the survivors’ hard work. They can’t be too obvious, though, or they’ll risk the rest of the group voting to exile them from the colony. Dead of Winter includes a wide roster of characters (Sparky, the gun-wielding dog, is a fan favourite) and an immersive world due to its use of the Crossroads system. The players draw cards that present them with tough decisions that can lead the story and