 outcome in different directions, weaving together its moment-to-moment action with interesting events and discussion as a group. Although the game includes a fully co-operative variant that removes the individual goals and traitors, Dead of Winter is best with the seeping threat of betrayal behind the immediate danger of brain-munching undead. Zombies may seem a world away from the deep-space scheming of Among Us, but Dead of Winter’s struggle to survive as a group while one person goes against your efforts makes it a great fit if you’re looking to bring more heated discussion to the table. Buy Dead of Winter on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 4. The Crew: The Quest for Planet Nine Silence is golden in this co-op card game Like Among Us, most of The Crew's action takes place in complete silence. One of the things that makes Among Us so entertaining to watch is the fact that players can’t talk while the video game’s main action is taking place. See the imposter slipping through an air vent? Call an emergency meeting and point the finger. Get a knife in the back yourself? Tough luck unless there’s a ghost whisperer on board. (Spoiler: there isn’t.) There are a number of board games that similarly use silence to ramp up the suspense. Kids’ game Magic Maze has players going on a shopping spree in a mall, with the only way of communicating a big red pawn you can put in front of someone (or bang on the table). The Mind tries to create a psychic link between players as they silently stack numbered cards in order without knowing what - or when - their friends might play. For our money, the best board game played in silence is The Crew, a card game about completing missions as the members of a spaceship team. That also means it has more than a couple of things in common with Among Us, but offers a fully co-op experience if you’re looking to rebuild all those broken friendships. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings In The Crew, players each start with cards of different suits and numbers. Each round - or trick - sees the players take it in turns to play a card, before the person who played the highest card (or a trump card) claims all the cards. To succeed in their current mission, the group will need to work to get specific cards to certain players, carefully choosing what they play to avoid accidentally taking a card that someone else needs. It sounds simple, but the players can’t talk (in space, no-one can hear you scheme) - meaning they must use the limited communication at their disposal to make it through each scenario. With 50 missions of increasing difficulty and inventive new gameplay elements constantly throwing up new challenges, The Crew is an excellent option to play after Among Us if you can’t - or won’t - speak to each other. Buy The Crew: