 of zombie game you're into, they all require loaded guns, steeled nerves, and juicy brains. 1. Dead of Winter Work with (or betray!) your friends to survive a wintery zombie apocalypse In Dead of Winter, the zombies are your only threat - you'll also need to deal with the freezing weather and a traitor among your group. Surviving a post-apocalyptic zombie world by hiding amidst a harsh winter seems like a solid idea, except that you also have to survive a harsh winter. Thankfully you've got your friends to help - but any one of them may betray the entire group. Dead of Winter infuses the perfect undead cocktail of survival, humanity, heroism and cruelty that makes the zombie genre so compelling. Dead of Winter features a number of cooperative scenarios, along with an optional secret traitor. Each survivor must work together to keep their fledgling colony alive by scavenging for resources in the surrounding buildings, saving survivors and building barricades, while secretly furthering their personal ambitions, whether they align with the rest of the group or not. Throughout each game you'll be making tough decisions, like whether or not you have the food supplies to take on additional survivors, or choosing to mercy kill one of your own infected characters before they start a chain reaction that wipes out your entire colony. Buy Dead of Winter on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 2. Zombicide The ultimate zombie adventure RPG-in-a-box Zombicide is among the biggest and best zombie board games going, offering an RPG-like campaign across multiple scenarios. If Gloomhaven is a fantasy RPG campaign in a box, then Zombicide is the closest game we have to a boxed zombie RPG. The Kickstarter smash-hit features cooperative scenarios on a tactical map full of zombie minis. Players choose from a fun roster of colourful survivors with katanas, chainsaws and rollerskates. Unlike most zombie games, survivors gain experience after defeating zombies, unlocking new abilities as they gain levels. On the flip side, higher-level heroes attract more and more dangerous zombies, and losing a high-level, well-equipped hero is all the more painful. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Like a good tabletop RPG, Zombicide is highly expandable and moddable. The original base game features ten scenarios. Over the eight years since its initial release, Zombicide has received multiple expansions, sequels and spin-offs - including a medieval fantasy plague and mutated space zombies. With a new second edition of the base game featuring 25 scenarios launching later this year, as well as a fully-fledged RPG spin-off on the way, it's never been a better time to go zombie-hunting. Buy Zombicide on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 3. Last Night on Earth Self-aware tactical zombie romp with a B-movie theme Last Night on Earth is as cheesy and goofy as B-movie zombie movies - and it's all the better for it. Like many horror subgenres, zombie films are often loved in spite of - or even because of - their