 cheesiness, whether it’s poor acting, a brain-dead plot, gratuitous violence and nudity, or all of the above. Last Night on Earth embraces the cheese with card art featuring "real" actors ripped straight from your favourite fictional B-movie zombie flick. The gameplay pits up to four humans against one or two zombie players on a modular, tactical battlefield representing a small town. The humans must work together to scavenge for weapons and resources while trying to complete various scenarios, such as gathering gas to escape in the truck or simply killing a large number of undead. Last Night on Earth's tactical combat, multiple scenarios and hero survival has been replicated many times over the decade-plus since its release (including by some of the games on this list), but what keeps it shelf-worthy is its endearingly self-aware theme that focuses on cheesy fun over brains. Buy Last Night on Earth on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 4. Dawn of the Zeds Protect the town of Farmingdale against the undead horde If you're looking for a single-player zombie game, Dawn of the Zeds is among the best choices. The town of Farmingdale has a nasty case of Zombie Epidemic Disease, and players will need to work together to keep the town safe, healthy and productive, while sending out heroes to repel the undead. It's like the later seasons of The Walking Dead TV show with slightly more dice rolls and a dog named Pickles. Featuring no fewer than five rulebooks, automated zombies and a lengthy play time, Dawn of the Zeds works particularly well as a solo game. In fact, the original version of Dawn of the Zeds was designed specifically for one player to handle all the actions, events and movement. The most recent third edition includes cooperative as well as competitive gameplay modes for up to five players. Despite its potential complexity, the game is highly customisable with multiple difficulty levels that greatly alter the gameplay and add entirely new mechanics - hence all the rulebooks. If you like the zombie genre but want your tabletop gaming with a bit more meat on its bones, Dawn of the Zeds is the zombie board game for you. Buy Dawn of the Zeds on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 5. Tiny Epic Zombies All the brains of a zombie survival-horror game in a tiny box It may be small, but there's plenty of zombie game packed into the box. Name a popular gaming theme, and chances are there's a Tiny Epic version of it. Tiny Epic Zombies recreate the classic mall survival scenario, with locations, weapons, heroes and meeples squeezed into the series’ signature tiny box. Tiny Epic Zombies packs in a ton of gameplay and modes, including cooperative and competitive modes, both of which can involve human or AI zombie players. Heroic survivors such as The Teacher, The Photographer and The Athlete run around a zombie-filled mall picking up radio signals, saving survivors and finding the source of the zombie plague. Despite