 its small size, the fun components really help sell the theme. Equipping a little plastic chainsaw on your meeple before heading out to hunt some zeds is always fun, and who can resist placing their meeple in the little wooden police car before crashing into the hardware store? Tiny Epic Zombies isn't only one of the best Tiny Epic games, it also keeps up with its bigger siblings on this list. Buy Dawn of the Zeds on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 6. Hit Z Road Survive a post-apocalyptic road trip by bidding on the best route A very different kind of zombie survival game, Hit Z Road focuses on its players' journey across the USA. Most zombie stories end with the survivors escaping their current predicament into a hopefully brighter future somewhere else. Hit Z Road dares to continue the story on the road - specifically a cross-country road trip across the undead-infested Route 66 in the United States. Road trip! Hit Z Road offers a starkly different gameplay experience compared to most zombie games. Every round players bid on which route they wish to take from a selection of cards that have much-needed resources - and oft-avoided zombie hordes. Ammo can be used to shoot zombies with little risk, while adrenaline is needed to avoid getting your passengers killed in the middle of a big fight. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Players will need to carefully balance their own resources in order to survive the increasingly barren and zombified areas as they travel further west. Surely California isn't full of zombies, right? Buy Hit Z Road on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 7. Zombie Kidz Evolution A co-op legacy game that's fun for the whole family A family-friendly affair compared to the blood and guts of other zombie games, Zombie Kidz Evolution is also a great first legacy experience. A zombie game that's great for kids isn't even the most surprising part of Zombie Kidz Evolution. It also serves as a My First Legacy Game. Zombie Kidz Evolution elevates the original Zombie Kidz with the addition of over a dozen sealed envelopes that are unlocked through playing. The co-op game stars a group of ragtag kids defending their school from the undead by moving room-to-room defeating zombies and sealing the entrances before the horde grows too big. Players track the number of games played, win or lose, via stickers, unlocking envelopes that contain new rules, including special powers for the kids and zombies. Zombie Kidz Evolution lives up to its name as a game that actually evolves and grows more advanced as you play, making it the perfect introduction for kids. A fun video game-like achievement system (with more stickers!) adds an additional layer that unlocks new content even faster, making it one of the most rewarding and replayable board gaming experiences for families. Buy Zombie Kidz Evolution on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 8. The Walking Dead: All Out War A