 miniatures war game set in Robert Kirkman's comic-book universe Drawing from the Walking Dead comics rather than the TV show, All Out War captures the series' struggle for survival. With its larger-than-life heroes and villains waging war across a dangerous post-apocalyptic battlefield, The Walking Dead provides the perfect backdrop for a miniatures wargame. In All Out War, two players draft familiar characters like Rick, Michonne and Glenn, along with important equipment like Rick's lucky hat, using a points system - though you'll definitely need expansions to collect 'em all. Characters then take turns moving across the map searching for supplies and rolling dice to dispatch enemies, alive and dead. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Zombies are an ever-present threat in The Walking Dead. In All Out War they represent an AI-run third faction that attacks both sides throughout the game. Generating mayhem or making noise (such as firing a gun) will add to the threat meter, which in turn causes survivors to panic. Both sides will need to use the terrain and zombies to their advantage, replicating some of the most dramatic moments from the comics and TV show. Buy The Walking Dead: All Out War on Amazon US and Amazon UK. 9. City of Horror Beg your friends to let you live, then leave them to die In City of Horror, your friends can be just as deadly as the undead. City of Horror knows it's not enough just to survive during the zombie apocalypse - we also need to establish a society. We won't be passing civic policies or nominating representatives, however; we'll be voting on who gets fed to the zeds. City of Horror is a survival game where players desperately negotiate to save their survivors and gather the precious vaccines scattered around the map. Each player is dealt several survivors and, unlike the typical zombie-killing heroes of other zombie games, these are just everyday people. And they'll get eaten. A lot. Players will need to debate and haggle over their survivors’ lives by making deals, trading items and antidotes, and garnering good will. If all else fails, use an action card to blow up the armoury, sending other survivors out into the zombie-filled streets. City of Horror is best played with a full group of five or six players, ideally with thick skin and juicy brains. Buy City of Horror on Amazon US and Zatu. 10. Zombie Dice Roll to eat more brains than shotgun blasts Become the zombie and try to keep your head in this fast and furious dice game. While some of the games on this list include player-controlled zombies, all of them include survivors battling against the zombie threat. But what if we just wanted to be a bunch of zom-bros having a night out on the town? Gameplay doesn't get much simpler than Zombie Dice, which consists of one cup and 13 dice. Players take turns rolling three random dice from the cup, trying to