 players must decide where they stand. With so much choice on offer it can seem a wee bit overwhelming to find what you really want. More importantly, how do you know what you want? What is an engine-building game, how do the modern classics compare to old favourites and how can you shift through the multitudes of terrible social deduction games to find the good stuff? No need to fear as Dicebreaker are here to direct you to the very best that tabletop gaming has to offer. The team has banded together to create this selection of the 10 best board games of 2020, which you can buy and play right now - secure in the knowledge that they’ve received our stamp of approval. 1. Gloomhaven Take various missions and gain renown in this adventure game Dungeons will contain all manner of dangerous enemies. The epic fantasy roleplaying of RPGs like Dungeons & Dragons and the tactical, complex gameplay of dungeon-crawling board games collide in Gloomhaven. Players explore the vast fantasy world during a campaign that can span dozens of connected scenarios and many, many hours, building up their character’s deck of moves and abilities to unleash during the game’s intense and challenging card-driven battles. The players’ decisions both in and out of fights will shape the world of Gloomhaven, with the game borrowing some of the innovative aspects of legacy board games like Pandemic Legacy: Season 1; players apply stickers to the board and remove cards from the game to permanently change the state of the fantasy universe and their characters’ story. An RPG-in-a-box for players interested in having a memorable journey and exploring a wide world without learning how to play Dungeons & Dragons while taking on the tough, satisfying puzzle of a strategy board game, Gloomhaven has become the new gold standard for epic adventure on the tabletop. The upcoming Gloomhaven: Jaws of the Lion should make it even easier to jump into the world of Gloomhaven for the first time, too, with simplified rules and a prequel story that leads into the original game. Buy Gloomhaven on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 2. Wingspan Birds will flock to the best habitats in this beautiful looking game Wingspan's art-style is incredibly striking. Who knew that a board game about collecting bird eggs could be so fun? As last year’s Wingspan proved; turns out the scientific practice of ornithology - the study of birds - can make for a pretty compelling competitive experience. Despite seeming a little overwhelming from the offset due to the sheer number of bird cards courtesy of designer Elizabeth Hargrave, Wingspan is actually quite easy to understand once you get your head around the concept of engine-building, which is essentially when you get a thing - in this case a bird - and upgrade that thing into something better; in this case, more birds. (If you’re looking for another beginner friendly engine-building game from last year, consider Fantastic Factories.) This is what makes Wingspan such a