 satisfying board game to play, as it really masters that feeling of glorious progression and the joy of seeing your bird empire grow from one measly owl to an entire flock of beaked beasts. To do this you’ll need to make your chosen habitats suitable for the birds you want to attract by putting out the right food tokens, with other birds eventually following those that already reside within your habitats. Those birds that do choose to settle down in your habitats may eventually lay eggs, which also happen to be valuable methods of point scoring. In the later stages of the game players will have the opportunity to attract rarer and rarer birds, which can make things surprisingly exciting and competitive considering it is a game about recording various bird species. Nevertheless, with its gripping mechanics and beautiful artwork Wingspan can’t help but whisk you away to a world of winged wonders. Buy Wingspan on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 3. Deception: Murder in Hong Kong A hidden role game about untangling a violent murder plot Different roles will force players to behave in a certain way. If you’ve ever wanted to host a murder mystery party without all the planning, then Deception: Murder in Hong Kong is the perfect board game for your next big social event. Set amongst the city’s darkest corners and featuring stories of murder most foul, Deception is an ideal party board game for big groups, able to cater for up to 12 players and keeping things to a snappy 20 minutes per session. In Deception, players assume a variety of different roles: forensic scientist, witness, investigator, accomplice and, of course, murderer, with each one providing unique goals and gameplay challenges. Once everyone’s roles have been secretly assigned the murderer chooses a clue card and a means of murder card - combined, these become the ultimate solution to the crime. The forensic scientist is then invited to look at these clues, however, they cannot overtly relay this information directly to the investigators. With the game in full swing the investigators must then attempt to correctly identify the chosen clues, all whilst the murderer and their accomplice attempt to secretly coerce them away from the right answers. Should the investigators successfully select the correct key evidence and means of murder then they win, whilst the murderer claims victory if they fail to crack the case. One final little twist to the game comes with the murderer and accomplice being able to successfully escape after being caught if they can correctly identify who was the witness. Deception is easily one of the most well thought-out social deduction games on the tabletop, with an absolutely killer theme (pun intended) and intricately designed roles that provide players with a fantastic experience no matter who they are. Buy Deception: Murder in Hong Kong on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 4. Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 One of the very first legacy games maintains its status as being a pioneer. Every city is connected on