 the map, offering essential routes and dangerous paths for the diseases to spread across. For co-op fans, Pandemic is one of the best legacy board games of all time, pitting you and your group against the relentless spread of disease across the world as you work together to discover the cure before all is lost. Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 makes that great game even greater, introducing a story campaign set across 12 months (and roughly the same number of individual playthroughs) where the outcome of every play has lasting effects on the fictional world - and your real-life copy of the game, as you tear up cards, permanently place stickers on the board and open boxes packed with new rules, pieces to play and other surprises. To say any more would spoil what makes Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 so special, but think of it as the board game equivalent of the latest Netflix show you binge-watched - you’ll be hooked from beginning to end. Luckily, once you wrap up Pandemic Legacy: Season 1, Pandemic Legacy: Season 2 takes the story and gameplay twists and surprises one step further. Pandemic Legacy: Season 3 has been announced for release sometime in 2020, so now’s your chance to catch up and discover a truly unmissable board game. Buy Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 5. Mice and Mystics Players have an entire castle to explore and many scary insects and rats to fight. The models in Mice and Mystics are incredibly adorable. Secret of Nimh, The Rescuers, Danger Mouse. Mice have featured as the plucky heroes in many a story because we just can’t help but root for the underdog (or undermouse?). But what if you were the mouse in an epic tale about fighting against overwhelming odds? This is the question that Jerry Hawthorne’s dungeon-crawling adventure game Mice and Mystics attempts to answer, as you and your friends suddenly find yourselves about three inches tall and trapped in a scary castle. Mice and Mystics works as a co-op board game not just because every player has a unique role to perform - with one character being the duelist, another being a trickster, someone playing the bruiser and the other healing the party - but also because it really does feel like it’s your little group of rodents against the whole world. As you venture into each enormous room of the castle you and your fellow mice could face any number of horrors from fierce cockroaches, rival rats and even Brodie, the dreaded housecat. With each new challenge players confront they’ll have to combine their unique abilities, as well as the odd crumb of cheese, in order to successfully survive and continue in their quest to escape the evil Vanestra. There’s more to Mice and Mystics than just combat, as you’ll be exploring the castle depths looking for secrets and engaging in various story beats that happen to pop up throughout the game’s narrative. Mice and Mystics is an incredibly rich