 co-op experience full of atmosphere and with some outstandingly beautiful artwork to boot, making it one of the top board games to play if you’re itching for some Borrowers-inspired adventures. Buy Mice and Mystics on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 6. Codenames Two teams compete to guess all their words before the opposing players do Each team has their own set of illustrated spy cards. There’s a reason why Codenames now comes in over ten separate versions, including a Marvel edition, Harry Potter version and ‘adult’ Deep Undercover release. The demand for more Codenames stems from the game’s intense popularity which, in turn, comes how incredibly accessible, yet immensely enjoyable, it is to play. Codenames sees two teams racing against one another to successfully locate all their spies, whilst avoiding pedestrians, enemy spies and the dreaded assassin. These potential spies, or words, are arranged on a shared grid, with each team taking it in turns to give and receive clues pertaining to the right words. Despite having such a simple ruleset, Codenames is actually quite the meaty game. The boundless possibilities for different word combinations, and the individual thought-processes of the players, means that no game of Codenames ever goes the same way. And that’s the real beauty of Codenames; its simplicity makes it a universally fun experience, no matter what the version and who you’re playing with. For a more visual example of this fact, you can watch the Dicebreaker team playing Codenames with Outside Xbox at EGX 2019 below. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Buy Codenames on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 7. Mansions of Madness: Second Edition A horror game where every scenario presents a new selection of terrors to defeat. The mansion's layout will change with every kind of tile that players lay down. Mansions of Madness is one of the closest experiences you can have to horror RPGs such as Call of Cthulhu in a board game. And also, in our humble opinion, the best way to enjoy Lovecraftian horrors via cardboard. In it, you’ll explore a range of cursed locations and solve horrifying mysteries. Players each control an investigator from the Arkham Horror Files universe (which also includes Arkham Horror, Eldritch Horror and Arkham Horror: The Card Game) with special abilities and advantages, and will decide where to move, who to talk to, what to research and how to react in battle. True to the doom and gloom of Lovecraftian stories, battle is terse and players definitely don’t have the advantage. Once the beings of cosmic horror are inevitably summoned, you’re better off fleeing then you are poking them with a candlestick. In the old days, Mansions of Madness required a game master to dispense story and wrangle combat. The game's second edition introduced a companion app for PC and mobile which does that for you, making things much smoother and turning the game into a fully co-op experience. It also packs extensive storytelling and atmosphere through well-written story flavour text, a