 share experience points, weapons, and crafts. It’s a hoot with friends, plus, with a party, you’ll level up faster to reach the more gameplay-intense raid content. While the game is super simple to grasp, WoW Classic is more punishing than its modern iteration. If you decide to play, download an add-on like Questie that will make things run more smoothly. When you buy something using the retail links in our stories, we may earn a small affiliate commission. Read more about how this works. WIRED is providing free access to stories about public health and how to protect yourself during the coronavirus pandemic. Sign up for our Coronavirus Update newsletter for the latest updates, and subscribe to support our journalism. More From WIRED on Covid-19 What's social distancing? (And other Covid-19 FAQs, answered) Don’t go down a coronavirus anxiety spiral How to make your own hand sanitizer Singapore was ready for Covid-19—other countries, take note Is it ethical to order delivery during a pandemic? Read all of our coronavirus coverage here
The 10 Best Games of 2018—and Yes, They're Ranked
From the peerless combat mechanics of Dead Cells to the boundless joy of Spider-Man, these are the 10 standouts of the year.
Cry it out from the rooftops: we survived 2018. (At least as of press time, so, y'know, probably.) And in this long, complicated year, a few games stuck out as the best, the most interesting, the most surprising, of the year. Whether you're catching up over the holidays or just looking for fuel to argue with your friends, here are our picks for the best videogames released in 2018. And yes, they're ranked. And no, your eyes aren't deceiving you: a certain Western-themed open-world game isn't in here. (Nor is Celeste, which honestly should have warranted making this a Top 11 list.) Games are a vast and varied field, friends; so are opinions. Argue away! 10. Monster Hunter World (Capcom, PC/PS4/Xbox One) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/7paWNhKkX38 Monster Hunter has, for a certain variety of player, been a big deal for years. The once-obscure franchise has garnered a cult following addicted to its obtuse but idiomatically playable rhythms of hunting monsters, crafting gear, and hunting tougher monsters. World takes those rhythms of play and expertly makes them accessible to a broader audience, one that might have an interest in Monster Hunter but never had the time and will to learn how to play it. Using all the power of the modern gen, Monster Hunter World strikes a perfect balance between being welcoming to new players while still being challenging and strange. Explore a vast island full of prehistoric wonders, learn them, and then fight them to the honorable death. [Original review; buy now] 9. Into the Breach (Subset, PC/Switch) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/ptYwMwxP7ho Giant robots! Time travel! Horrible aliens! If Pacific Rim went into a VitaMix with that one time-travel arc of Heroes when that show was good, this would be the videogame smoothie that resulted. Travel back in time repeatedly to try to save humanity