 spooky soundtrack and lots of dialog, making this an excellent choice for folks who love role-playing and story-based adventures. Also, definitely one of the best horror board games out there - things get wild. Buy Mansions of Madness: Second Edition on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 8. Flick 'em Up!: Dead of Winter A dexterity series and a horror series combine to make this weird game The art-style for the game displays a clever sense of self-awareness. Avengers Endgame eat your heart out (though no ill will to Marvel Champions as it’s a bloody brilliant game) because there’s a bigger crossover in town and its name is Flick ‘em Up!: Dead of Winter. You wouldn’t think that this unexpected pairing would work, but combining Dead of Winter’s tense zombie horror atmosphere with Flick ‘em Up!’s test of meeple-pinging skill makes for a surprisingly harmonious experience - though not necessarily the most calming half-hour when it comes to fighting zombies and desperately searching for resources, of course. Unlike the original Flick ‘em Up! - which is one of the best dexterity board games in its own right - this iteration has its players facing off against the undead instead of cowboys and working together instead of competing with one another. However, it does share the mechanics of flicking discs in order to reach different locations and successfully shoot opponents. There’s a reason why Dead of Winter is one of the best co-op board games out there and it’s because the desperate circumstances players find themselves has the inevitable effect of bringing everyone together. The same can be very much said about Flick ‘em Up!: Dead of Winter, which if anything increases the need for camaraderie because players face the added challenge of attempting to successfully hit zombies with their discs, whilst still having to be careful about searching for food and not getting bitten. As more hordes of brain-eating enemies emerge from the game’s terrifying zombie tower things get scarier, hands inevitably get sweatier and players can’t help but get invested in what’s going on despite how ridiculous the premise initially seems. Buy Flick 'em Up! Dead of Winter on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 9. Scythe An asymmetrical board game where making efficient decisions is the key to winning. Scythe has some very detailed models for each of its factions. If you’re after epic engine-building and strategy with gorgeous artwork, you can’t go wrong with Eurogame Scythe. It’s set in the fictional continent of 1920s Europa, which is still recovering from a terrible war fuelled by mechs. Meanwhile, the mysterious Factory which created the mechs has shut down, and everyone wants to claim a piece of its surrounding lands. A game for one to five players, you each represent a faction of Eastern Europe seeking new territory, fortune and glory. They’re represented by animals, like the bear, and the lesser appreciated muskox. You’ll get to grab new recruits, harvest resources, accrue villagers, build structures and of course, activate your very own monstrous mechs. In