 addition, you each have your own hidden goal, a unique starting location and an array of different starting resources. You are the master of your faction’s fate, with dice rolls and luck determining very little of the outcome in Scythe - even when it comes to combat. That said, you’ll draw random encounter cards as you explore, which adds plenty of narrative flavour to proceedings. These will lead to decisions that can mitigate or worsen your circumstances. Scythe is not a game for folks seeking outright carnage. In the early game, you’ll likely be building up your resources, while the latter half sees you scouting out threats and defending against other players. Violence exists more as a threat, cold-war style - although there are plenty of conflicts to be had. It’s ideal for fans of strategy, and although it’s a little complex, it’s actually a really fantastic introduction to the world of Eurogames. Lastly, it’s totally beautiful, combining miniatures and a world ravaged by war, so it definitely builds a more evocative universe compared to most of its Eurogame brethren. To see this content please enable targeting cookies. Manage cookie settings Buy Scythe on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk 10. Root Players will have an entirely different experience depending on which faction they play in this game Kyle Ferrin is the talented artist behind Root's art-style. How could a game featuring such adorable woodland characters also involve so much brutal conflict? Root is an asymmetrical strategy game about four warring factions of animals: the devious Cats, squabbling Eyrie, shadowy Alliance and mysterious Vagabonds, as they each seek to establish power over the great woodland. With the greedy Marquis de Cat working to establish her supreme dominance across the land, each tribe must rise up and achieve their unique goals before it’s all too late. Root sees its players assuming command over one of the above groups with each granting an entirely unique set of troops, resources and aims. For example, playing as the Alliance allows you to use subterfuge to lay low and stay unnoticed, all whilst hatching conspiracies to take down the other players. As an asymmetric game Root offers a huge amount of variety, with each faction providing a completely different style of gameplay. However, a shared experience can still be found in player interactions and the overarching story that everyone helps to tell, ensuring that no-one ever feels too isolated. There is a lot going on in Root, which could potentially put less experienced players off from trying it. But it’s definitely the kind of game that’s designed to be played many, many times, with each session easing you into its complex systems and uncovering new things to love about it. From its rich narrative elements to the elegance of the game’s asymmetric structure, Root really is one of the best board games out there at the moment. Buy Root on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk