 Borderlands 2
Pok?mon Go
Divinity: Original Sin 2
Dishonored
Final Fantasy VII
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag
Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge
Burnout 3: Takedown
Fallout 2
Undertale
League of Legends
Mega Man 3
Soulcalibur
Thief II: The Metal Age
SimCity 2000
Inside
Contra
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2
Monster Hunter: World
Resident Evil 2 (Remake)
System Shock 2
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City
Persona 5
Fortnite
Fable 2
GoldenEye 007
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
X-COM: UFO Defense
Suikoden II
Battlefield 1942
Dota 2
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe
Star Wars Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast
Spelunky
Donkey Kong
The Sims
Rock Band
Red Dead Redemption 2
Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory
Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island
Silent Hill 2
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
Mass Effect
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare
Rise of the Tomb Raider
Batman: Arkham City
The Witness
Journey
Uncharted 2: Among Thieves
Overwatch
Deus Ex
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn
Ms. Pac-Man
Counter-Strike 1.6
Left 4 Dead 2
EarthBound
Resident Evil
Diablo II
StarCraft
World of Warcraft
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic
Fallout: New Vegas
Final Fantasy VI
Mass Effect 2
Pok?mon Yellow
Bloodborne
Metroid Prime
Resident Evil 4
Shadow of the Colossus
Metal Gear Solid
God of War
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
BioShock
Sid Meier's Civilization IV
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
Minecraft
Halo: Combat Evolved
Half-Life
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater
The Last of Us
Doom
Chrono Trigger
Portal
Dark Souls
Street Fighter II
Super Mario Bros.
Halo 2
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night
Grand Theft Auto V
Super Mario 64
Red Dead Redemption
Half-Life 2
Tetris
Super Mario Bros. 3
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Super Metroid
Portal 2
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past
Super Mario World
Released 2012 99 Seth Macy Borderlands 2 elevated an excellent game to Legendary status. The original Borderlands captured the attention of gamers, seemingly from out of nowhere, and its sequel took everything that made the original great and expanded on it. From its seamless continuation of the Borderlands vault hunting lore, to its unmatched writing, Borderlands 2 remains the high point in the Borderlands franchise. Borderlands 3 is overflowing with improvements over its predecessor The Pre-Sequel, but Borderlands 2 still can't be beat for its awesome levels, excellent DLC, and series-best villain, Handsome Jack. Did You Know? Damage counters in the Borderlands series were originally a debug feature for the programmers and partially inspired by RPGs like Final Fantasy. Game testers liked it so much, it became a part of the series. An Easter egg in the Caustic Caverns level unlocks a Minecraft head for players who find its off-map location and defeat a giant Creeper. Almost everyone on the creative team for Borderlands 2 has since left Gearbox.
Released 2016 100 Justin Vachon Pokemon GO in 2019 is a game I shouldn’t care about. When it launched in 2016 it was in a lot of ways a mediocre experience. Outside of catching the original 151 Pokemon the game itself relied heavily on the nostalgia of the Pokemon franchise and augmented reality gimmick of having them show up in the real world. If you didn’t care about the IP, the game itself was very lacking. In 2019, the game is flooded with a multitude of tasks, activities, and events that can involve anyone from yourself to a large group of people. These additions create an experience that incentivizes users to be more dedicated to daily play without feeling like a grind. Friendship has been introduced and allows