 alien invasion is over, and instead humans, extraterrestrials and hybrids of the two now live together in harmony, aside from the resistance that you're now tasked with defeating Instead of randomly generated troops, Chimera Squad gives you a small preset team of humans and aliens, each with unique powers. Turn order is arranged around individual characters too, meaning your tactical priorities will continuously change. There's no base this time around either, instead you operate out of a pre-built facility in a single city. It's a very different kind of XCOM but the risk that comes with changing so many established rules about a franchise has really paid off here. Check Amazon (Image credit: Private Division) 9. The Outer Worlds Awaking after decades of being lost on your way to a distant colony, you find that life moved on without you, with The Board, a group of all-powerful corporations, ruling every aspect of the people’s lives. Travelling between the different outposts, you must fight or charm your way to the centre of power, with the help of companions with their own storylines to follow. Will you find a place in the company hierarchy, or will you become an antitrust guerrilla taking them down? The game lets you make this and many other tiny choices as you go, with multiple ways to reach your objective so you never get stuck no matter your chosen skills. With a fun retro-future aesthetic and funny but thoughtful writing throughout, The Outer Worlds is definitely one of the best PC games you can play. Prime $19.99 View at Amazon $19.99 View at Walmart $34.49 View at CDKeys 16 Walmart customer reviews ????? (Image credit: ZA/UM) 10. Disco Elysium You’re a detective in the city of Revachol, and are suffering from just as many issues as the town itself, including an unfortunate bout of amnesia. When a murder victim is discovered hanging from a tree, you and your more stable colleague from the next precinct over are tasked with solving the case. You can use your brains or brawn to get to the bottom of this crime, improving your skills and gaining new quirks as you go depending on which ideas you follow or discard. Most of these aren't your traditional combat skills however, with new skills like pain tolerance governing how well you'll handle the situations you face. By the end, you'll either end up as a credit to the force, or a disgrace, having made and broken alliances with the game's factions as you try to figure out the mystery. Check Amazon (Image credit: 505 Games) 11. Control Within The Oldest House, the headquarters of the Government Bureau of Control, something ancient and alien has emerged, and it certainly isn’t friendly. As Jesse Faden, a victim of a paranormal incident searching for her long-lost brother, you will navigate and fight your way through this strange unfriendly facility, which has also somehow become your responsibility to save. You will fight using conventional(ish) weapons and gain superpowers