 early and stay late just to play. Frequently we'd be across the office in a conference room and the strains of the Ms. Pac-Man cutscene music would waft over and make everyone giggle. There are very few games which can create so much happiness after so many decades. Did You Know? Ms. Pac-Man began as a conversion kit for Pac-Man called Crazy Otto. Midway licensed it and made huge changes, like giving Pac-Man a bow. You can't use standard patterns to solve the mazes in Ms. Pac-Man like you can in Pac-Man thanks to semi-random ghost movements. Pac-Man creator Toru Iwatani had nothing to do with Ms. Pac-Man, and instead worked on the less popular (but still fun) Super Pac-Man.
Chloi Rad Counter-Strike is the game that’s been with me the longest, in one form or another, but for me, it all started here. Many of the things I value most in skill-based games, I value because of Counter-Strike: good level design, team-based dynamic, the dedication required to master it, a friendly sense of competition, and a solid sense of community. It taught me the joy of earning my victories in a game, but also the importance of learning from my failures. It’s the reason I love first-person shooters and the reason I stuck by PC gaming at a young age, and I owe it all to its earliest iterations.
Released 2009 45 Jobert Atienza Left 4 Dead 2 came out exactly a year after the original, which upset a lot of people who (incorrectly) assumed the sequel would be a glorified expansion pack to the first. But Left 4 Dead 2 does exactly what a sequel needs to do: be better in every way. L4D2 - developed in-house at Valve - has more creative levels in its campaign, more special infected to kill (or play as, if playing in Versus Mode), a bigger variety of weapons, and protagonists with some actual personality. Even the Source Engine, though already showing its age with L4D1, looked - and most importantly, played, - just fine, considering the dozens of ravenous zombies the game could throw at you at any moment. The series’ A.I. Director, which in the first game handled how many zombies pounced on you depending on how well you’re doing, got an upgrade. It not only controlled the flow of zombies, but would try to force players to take more difficult paths in a level, and reward players with extra health packs and ammo if they were doing well. Though the original development team went on to create the asymmetrical multiplayer shooter Evolve, nothing has quite matched the visceral thrills and scares of Left 4 Dead 2, which stands as one of the pinnacles of modern co-op gaming. Did You Know? Eagle-eyed viewers can spot a view of the Special Infected from Left 4 Dead in the film The Cabin in the Woods. Valve released an extra Campaign, “The Passing,” which featured characters from Left 4 Dead running into the cast from