 25 Best Star Wars Games
Promising Young Woman Review: a Revenge Fantasy for the Modern Female
Soul Review: Pixar is Bringing You Some Christmas Magic
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Star Wars: 25 Best Moments in the Games
What Happened to the Golden Age of Star Wars Games?
Star Wars: Republic Commando - The Darkest Star Wars FPS
The Significance of Star Wars Battlefront 2's Story
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
Ahead of the release of Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, we're looking back at the best Star Wars games ever made.
There have been dozens of Star Wars games over the years, but just like the movies themselves, some are remembered much more fondly than others. For every Star Wars game as beloved as The Empire Strikes Back, there’s a half-dozen that are as hated as much as The Phantom Menace or as divisive as The Last Jedi. Then there are those all-time classics, like Knights of the Old Republic, which some fans claim to be better than the entire film saga. It’s a big claim, of course, but it’s hard to beat a Star Wars experience in which you get to be the hero of the story and shape the galaxy as you see fit. Jedi Knight III: Jedi Academy even let you train as an apprentice and become the hero (or villain) you were always destined to be! Stream everything Star Wars with a FREE TRIAL of Disney+, on us! So which games are strongest in the Force? Here are Den of Geek’s 25 favorite Star Wars games:
25. Star Wars Episode I: Jedi Power Battles 2000 | LucasArts | DC, PSX, GBA Jedi Power Battles delivers something that you’d think would be more common in Star Wars games: the simple joy of using a lightsaber to slash through hundreds of enemies with a partner by your side. It’s not the prettiest or deepest game, but it’s fun, and it does feature a solid selection of Prequel-era Jedi. There are even quite a few unlockable characters and levels if you really get into the game. And while the Dreamcast version is easily the best, even the Game Boy Advance port isn’t too shabby. 24. Star Wars: TIE Fighter 1994 | Totally Games | PC Star Wars: TIE Fighter is the very definition of an oldie but a goodie. While its graphics show their age, the gameplay is timeless. Even though the battles take place in space, they feel more like World War II dogfights. Thankfully, this game is now readily available on Steam and other modern PC platforms. 23. Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire 1996 | LucasArts | N64, PC
Shadows of the Empire’s graphics haven’t aged very well, but that shouldn’t make it feel any less epic. The beauty of having the game take place between The Empire Strikes Back