 decade earlier. But Battlefront is still a fun multiplayer shooter to jump into for a few minutes or hours, and it captures the feel of the movies better than any other Star Wars game before it. It’s one of the best looking games of the current generation, and the inclusion of Rogue One content a year after release kept the experience fresh. Even if this revival isn’t perfect, at least it avoided the microtransaction mess that plagued its sequel. 11. Disney Infinity 3.0 2015 | Avalanche Software | PC, PS3, PS4, Wii U, X360, XBO
Toys and Star Wars go together like George Lucas and bad dialogue. Even if you find the gameplay in Disney Infinity 3.0 to be too kiddie or easy, it’s hard for any Star Wars fan to resist the dozens of plastic toys released alongside the game. Plus, it’s the only game to date where you can see Darth Vader interact with Spider-Man and Mickey Mouse.
10. Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens 2016 | TT Fusion | 3DS, PC, PS3, PS4, Wii U, X360, XBO Despite dabbling in numerous other franchises over the years, the first three Lego Star Wars games are arguably still among the very best to come out of Traveller’s Tales. It’s no surprise then that the prolific developer did justice to the Lego version of The Force Awakens. This isn’t a revolutionary title, just a perfect (and often hilarious) take on the movie, with the added bonus of canon missions set after Return of the Jedi and playable characters spanning the entire saga. 9. Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 2008 | LucasArts | PC, PS3, Wii, X360 While it’s not a perfect game by any means, perhaps no other Star Wars game has better captured what it would be like to have the full powers of the Force at your disposal, whether that means engaging in extremely satisfying lightsaber and Force lightning combat, or taking down a Star Destroyer using only the ancient energy. And unlike its sequel, The Force Unleashed actually had a pretty great story that even tied into the Original Trilogy, at least until Disney bought out Lucasfilm and declared that it was no longer canon. 8. Star Wars Episode I: Racer PC | LucasArts | DC, N64, PC
Though The Phantom Menace is often considered the most disappointing Star Wars film, it actually resulted in some of the best games. Maybe it’s because they didn’t follow the movie so closely? Racer took one of the best scenes from the movie, Anakin’s epic podrace victory, and turned it into a full-featured game heavily inspired by F-Zero and Wipeout. It’s a concept that was pretty much impossible to screw up and made for one of the very best Star Wars games.
Read more Games Star Wars: 25 Best Moments in the Games By Chris Freiberg Games How Star Wars Games Are Made, According to EA By Matthew Byrd 7. Star Wars: Republic Commando 2005 | LucasArts | PC, XBOX Republic Commando takes some