 Home Best Picks Gaming The best cheap PS4 games in 2020 By Richard Priday 14 December 2020 The Best Cheap PS4 Games on our list offer the maximum amount of fun for minimal cost Shares Comments (1) (Image credit: Mediatonic) The best cheap PS4 games are some of the greatest titles available on the PS4, but cost a very reasonable $20 or less. Varied in genre and gameplay, in age and length, you will be able to find something you like here that costs a third or even less of the price of a standard new game you'd pick up in a store. Some players like to pick up cheap games because they have limited budgets and don't mind waiting to pick up older titles once their prices have dropped. Others are less interested in the price and more in the unique ideas that inexpensive indie games can explore. And others may want to build out their collection to make sure they don't miss out on the best titles of years gone by. Whichever category you fall into, you'll find the best way to make use of your $20 on the PlayStation Store here. Want to spend even less? The best free PS4 games The best VR games for PS4 and other consoles The best games for new games If you wind up with a lot of these games and need extra storage space, check our recommendations for the best external hard drives for PS4 and Xbox One. What are the best cheap PS4 games? Before revealing our favorites, we've got to mention that none of these games are free to play. You can check out our other list for our best free PS4 games. But as for the best cheap PS4 games, my personal pick of the bunch would be Horizon: Zero Dawn Complete edition. An enormous open world made even larger by the presence of all the available DLC in one package, this game has both interesting mechanics and an entertaining story, all for an amazingly cheap price. The latest multiplayer craze is Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout, a platforming game that you complete simultaneously with and against other players online. You can spend money to get fancy cosmetics, but the basic experience comes in under our $20 limit. For co-op players, Cuphead is a great test of you and a partner's skills. Platforming and shooting are challenging and often lethal, but the ability to quickly revive one another means with good communication, you'll be able to make it through even the toughest of the game's charmingly animated bosses. Alternatively, you can play against each other in the bizarre Fight of Animals, a 2D fighter where the combatants are various beasts from internet folklore. If you're after story and nothing else, Night in the Woods and Journey are the games you should check out. There is some platform puzzling to do as you navigate from plot beat to plot beat, but these two very different tales show off some