 big risks that end up paying off. It doesn’t feature any Jedi, and it shuns the action/adventure gameplay of most Star Wars games for tactical first-person shooting, as you lead an elite group of Clone Troopers at the beginning of the Clone Wars. More than a decade later, there still aren’t many FPS games as fun or as innovative as Republic Commando. If there’s any Star Wars game begging for a proper sequel or HD remake, it’s this one. 6. Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II 2004 | BioWare | PC, XBOX The storyline of Knights of the Old Republic II may not quite match its predecessor, but the tale of the Jedi Exile restoring his or her connection to the Force is still one of the most captivating in Star Wars. Plus, the characters that join your party, like Kreia and Hanharr the Wookiee bounty hunter, are arguably even better and more fleshed out than the first game’s roster. And Darth Nihilus still stands out as one of the most badass Sith Lords to ever terrorize the galaxy. It’s too bad that LucasArts rushed Obsidian to finish the game in time for the holidays. With a few more months of polish, this sequel might have topped this list. 5. Star Wars Rogue Squadron II: Rogue Leader 2001 | Factor 5 | GCN
No game has nailed the feel of what it would be like to pilot an X-wing quite like Rogue Leader. The graphics were mind-blowing when the game first came out in 2001 as a GameCube launch title, and they still look remarkable today. No X-wing game has quite capture the Death Star trench run as well as Rogue Leader, either. Unfortunately, the sequel failed to capitalize on Rogue Leader’s success, adding some ill-advised on-foot missions, and Factor 5 barely exists as a developer after the even more ill-advised Lair for PS3.
4. Star Wars Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast 2002 | Raven Software | GCN, PC, XBOX The biggest issue most fans have with Disney’s acquisition of Star Wars is how many great stories were tossed aside without a second thought in order to make way for the Sequel Trilogy. One of the biggest losses was Kyle Katarn, the Imperial officer-turned Jedi who starred in the very best Star Wars action game. A lot of Star Wars games let you wield a lightsaber and Force powers, but none have mastered the combo quite as well. And few games have had such freedom to explore the post-Return of the Jedi timeline as Jedi Outcast did. Players even got to spend some time with Luke Skywalker at his new Jedi temple on Yavin IV. Unfortunately, post-Disney, we’ll probably never see Katarn again. 3. Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga 2007 | Traveller’s Tales | PC, PS3, Wii, X360 Surprisingly, this is the only Star Wars game to date that lets you play through the first six movies in their entirety. Don’t let the Lego veneer fool you, this is