 The 20 best games to play with your kids
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Team Sonic Racing review: fast-paced family fun
Mario Kart Tour Review: 4 Changes That Could Correct Its Course
Best PS4 Games for Kids: From Platformers to Playlink
Team Sonic Racing Review: Fast-paced Family Fun
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
These 20 titles will help introduce your kids to the wonderful world of interactive entertainment…
Nothing brings a family together quite like gaming. Watching a film or a TV show can be a whole lot of fun, but the magic of video games allows you to indulge in some interactive experiences: you can battle it out against your loved ones or work together towards common goals, with either of those options offering a whole load of enjoyment. In this article, we’ve decided to bring together the very best games to play with kids. Whether you’re a parent looking for some family-friendly entertainment, a babysitter looking for a distraction, or a friendly relative that wants to be seen as the cool aunt/uncle, you’re bound to find something in this article that will get you gaming in a fun, safe way with the little ones in your life. So, are you ready to jump into gaming experiences with some kids? If so, read on for our tip-top suggestions… Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Nintendo Switch
An absolute classic for playing in a group, Mario Kart has been a multiplayer institution since its original SNES appearance. This update of the excellent Wii U outing offers more characters, karts and tracks thank you can throw a blue shell at. Easy to learn, difficult to master, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is ideal for kids and adults alike. Get Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on Amazon Spyro: Reignited Trilogy Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One Insomniac Games may be riding high on the incredible Spider-Man game of 2018, but we’ll always remember the plucky little purple dragon they created all those years ago. Reignited in HD (and 4K on PS4 Pro and Xbox One X), this remastered trilogy offers three fiery adventures for one very reasonable price. You could call it a hot deal (sorry). Get Spyro Trilogy Reignited on Amazon Super Smash Bros Ultimate
Nintendo Switch
While it can take some time to acclimatise to the chaos of everything happening on screen, Super Smash Bros is the ultimate party game. Featuring dozens upon dozens of recognisable characters, each occupying their own unique slice of gaming. Your kids may know Pok?mon, but they’ll understand their place in gaming’s rich history a little more after a few rounds of Smash. Get Super Smash Bros Ultimate on Amazon Join our mailing list Get the best of Den of Geek delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe The LEGO Movie 2 Videogame Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One, PC