 If your little one is a fan of real-life LEGO, this title is the perfect way to expand that love into the gaming world. Expanding the story of the movie sequel with heaps of new ideas and loads of opportunities for building things, this game offers simple fun with an air of loveable silliness. There are familiar faces like Batman involved, too, if that helps to get your kids interested! Get The LEGO Movie 2 Videogame on Amazon Super Mario Party
Nintendo Switch
Super Mario Party is the biggest Mario Party yet. It deftly weaves mini-games into the most competitive board game you’ll find, making smart use of the Nintendo Switch’s unique joy-cons that’ll have you waving, waggling, shaking and balancing for hours on end. Perfect for bringing parents and their offspring together! Get Super Mario Party on Amazon LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 takes the earth’s mightiest heroes and most infamous villains and mashes them together with slapstick humour and enough comic book references to make the late Stan Lee blush. Whether your little Avengers fancy themselves as an Iron Man or a Spider-Gwen, there are plenty of unique puzzles to solve and baddies to battle. Get LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 on Amazon Pok?mon: Let’s Go Eevee and Let’s Go Pikachu
Nintendo Switch
Introduce the younger members of your family to the iconic critter-catching RPG franchise with this modern remake of Pok?mon Yellow. While you’re trying to catch ‘em all and battling through countless encounters, you can use the new ‘support trainer’ system to work together. Two players can even throw Pok?-balls in unison, using the motion-controlled joy-cons, for an extra level of fun. Get Pokemon: Let’s Go, Eevee! on Amazon Super Mario Maker 2 Nintendo Switch Super Mario Maker 2 takes the original game’s 2D platforming toolbox and runs with it, adding a wealth of new options like slopes and switches. Challenge your little plumbers to complete your most nefarious creations, teach them how to make their own, or download an endless stream of levels online. It’s the gift that keeps on giving. Get Super Mario Maker 2 on Amazon Rayman Legends
Mobile, Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One
If you’ve not experienced the beautiful, watercolour aesthetic of Rayman Legends in its engaging co-op mode then you really must. A visually striking platformer with unique ideas (including some fabulous music levels set to a stirring soundtrack), Rayman Legends is well worth your time. It’s challenging, but through co-op play you can help each other out of tight spots. Rayman Legends Definitive Edition on Amazon Scribblenauts Showdown Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One Taking the unique wordplay-based problem solving of the Scribblenauts franchise and dropping it into a multiplayer-only menagerie of mini-games may sound an odd fit, but Showdown is a surprisingly fun time – at least while it lasts. It doesn’t have the number of diversions you’ll find in something like Super Mario Party, but it does help encourage the use of imagination alongside