 expanding a player’s vocabulary. Get Scribblenauts Showdown on Amazon Minecraft
Mobile, Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One
There’s not much that can be said about Minecraft that hasn’t been said already, but if you’re still unaware then it’s essentially an unlimited box of LEGO. Players can build structures, mine for resources, or battle to survive the creepers found on the map. You can build and survive together, too – making this an ideal arena for encouraging creativity. Get Minecraft on Amazon Rocket League Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One The shortened pitch for Rocket League is that it’s football with cars. As good as that may sound, it does the game somewhat of a disservice – Rocket League takes some time to get to grips with, and can initially feel like the skill ceiling requires a stepladder to reach. Stick with it, though, and there are few games that reward your practice so generously. Get Rocket League Collectors Edition on Amazon Overcooked/Overcooked 2
Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One
Ok, this is a cheat, but we simply couldn’t split up the Overcooked games. Both offer crazy culinary shenanigans, with players working in tandem to chop, cook, slice, stir and serve meals to fulfil ever more complicated orders. Just be warned, it can get heated – and you know what they say about heat in the kitchen. Get Overcooked! 2 on Amazon Stardew Valley Mobile, Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One If you’ve ever fancied yourself as a simple farmer, free of city life, then Stardew Valley may well become your new obsession. Inheriting a relative’s old farm, you’ll grow crops, raise animals, and go mining in perilous caves. Co-op has been added to the game, too, meaning you can farm together as a family. Get Stardew Valley on Amazon Fortnite
Mobile, Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One
This free-to-play Battle Royale title has become stratospheric in popularity, eclipsing, well, everything. Despite what naysayers may say, the game itself remains a fantastic place to play with friends, especially with a new creative mode offering plenty of reasons to come back aside from competing to be the last man or woman standing. Get Fortnite Darkfire Bundle on Amazon Crash Bandicoot: N Sane Trilogy Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One Original PlayStation mascot Crash Bandicoot has finally been given the love he deserves, with a sensational 4K remaster. Whether you’re battling your way through the incredibly difficult first game, giving Dr Cortex a rematch in Crash Bandicoot 2, or crashing through time in Warped, you and your little bandicoots will find challenge and charm in equal measure. Get Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy on Amazon Dragon Quest Builders 2
Nintendo Switch, PS4
If you like the idea of Minecraft but prefer a little more structure to your gameplay, then Square Enix has you covered with this mashup of builder and JRPG. Dragon Quest fans will appreciate plenty of small details, but those new to the franchise shouldn’t be put off – Builders 2 is a welcoming playground that’s equal parts fun and