 therapeutic. Get Dragon Quest Builders 2 on Amazon Crash Team Racing Remastered Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One It’s that damned Bandicoot again, except this time he’s power-sliding his way to victory in a kart racer that’s arguably more difficult than Mario Kart 8: Deluxe. Bundling in tracks from the first and second kart outings, and with dozens of characters (including newly unlockable Spyro), Crash Team Racing is as addictive now as it ever was. Get Crash Team Racing Nitro-Fueled on Amazon Hasbro Game Night
Nintendo Switch, PS4, Xbox One
Family board game night is a staple of many a childhood, but those games don’t come cheap. If you’re looking for something a little more forward-thinking (and looking to save shelf space), you can do a lot worse than the Hasbro Family Fun Pack. Included inside are classics Monopoly, Trivial Pursuit, and Risk – quite a lineup, we’re sure you’ll agree. Get Hasbro Game Night on Amazon Just Dance 2019 Nintendo Switch, PC, PS4, Xbox One In our experience, there are few things better than challenging your relatives to a dance-off in Just Dance, and this year’s game is no exception. It’s become a worldwide hit due to its simple controls, and there are heaps of hit songs on the soundtrack – we’re sure you’ll find something that every member of the family can boogie along to! Get Just Dance 2019 on Amazon

25 Best Xbox One Games
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Xbox Game Pass Reportedly Coming to Nintendo Switch
Best Black Friday UK Xbox deals: pick up a steal on an Xbox One X and Xbox One S
Xbox Series X Release Date Set for November
How Xbox One Shaped the Future of Console Gaming
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
The Xbox One has a lot to offer in terms of great games. Here are the 25 best titles to play on Microsoft's current-gen console!
Following up on the success of the Xbox 360 was never going to be easy, but the Xbox One has had a solid run since its launch in 2013. From a troubled unveiling that forced Microsoft to backtrack on several of the console’s features — such as the Kinect camera requirement, the always-on internet connection, and restrictions on pre-owned games — to the Xbox One X’s innovations and the excellent Xbox Game Pass subscription service, the history of the Xbox One is a testament to how gaming has evolved over the last decade. Of course, it always comes down to a console’s lineup of games in the end, and the Xbox One boasts some of the best current-gen titles, even if it ultimately lacks the jaw-dropping exclusives of its competitors. Still, you won’t go wrong getting the 25 best Xbox One games on this list: 25. Ori and the Blind Forest Definitive