 of the best narratives in gaming. For strategy fans, John Wick Hex will scratch that itch. You'll require a mind for tactics in order to shoot your way in slow motion through hordes of baddies. If you're wanting a different kind of puzzle to solve, perhaps Mini Metro's abstract subway networks will let you flex your mental muscles with a less intense theme. Telling Lies is a unique experience too. While it's a game all about story, you have to go looking for it through a deliberately obtuse in-game database. The mystery slowly reveals itself to you if you know how to look for it, providing a unique challenge for people who like to take things slow. You can also check out the best split screen PS4 games for multiplayer fare. The best cheap PS4 games you can buy today 1. Spelunky 2 (Image credit: Mossmouth) Even if you never played the original, you'll still find this roguelike platforming game easy to get into. Playing as one of several explorers, you'll be tasked with delving into the depths of the Moon. Each playthrough is made up of randomly-generated levels, which means you'll never see the same content in the same way twice. And even if you win (which is quite unlikely on any particular run), there are still more secrets for you to find on subsequent playthroughs. If you don't want to adventure alone, you can invite up to three other players in local co-op or one other player online, either fighting through the caverns together, or against each other in Arena mode. (Image credit: Ubisoft) 2. Watch Dogs 2 The second game in the open-world hacking series takes you to San Francisco, where, as new protagonist Marcus Holloway, you join Deadsec to take on the ctOS system that monitors the city. As well as conventional weaponry, you also have the ability to hack nearby devices, such as your enemies' smartphones, drones or even parts of city infrastructure, to help you fight back. And if fighting against the city isn't enough, you can also join up in co-op to get or give a helping hand, or invade another user's game and engage in a tense game of cat and mouse, trying to figure out their disguise and take them out first. Today's best Watch Dogs 2 deals 56 Amazon customer reviews ????? Watch Dogs 2 PS4 Amazon $26.99 View Watch Dogs 2 (Xbox One) Amazon Prime $36.53 View Watch Dogs 2 - Playstation 4... Amazon $37.99 View Watch Dogs 2 Xbox One Walmart $70.76 View We check over 130 million products every day for the best prices (Image credit: Digital Crafter) 3. Fight of Animals Taking inspiration from viral animal memes, this game puts pets and wild beasts together in an arena for a Street Fighter-style showdown that manages to be both complex but very dumb. To cut through to the heart of the game, it's a 2D fighter. That means you'll be moving and jumping backwards and forwards in