 finally got matchmaking to where it needs to be, and even added the underrated Halo 3: ODST expansion to the four campaigns included at launch. Halo: Reach is also being added to the collection as we speak! 10. Cuphead 2017 | StudioMDHR There’s a very good reason why so few games even attempt to mimic the art style of 1930s cartoons: it’s not easy. Cuphead had a notoriously lengthy seven-year development cycle in order to nail the surreal art style for its many bosses and stages. With its pixel-perfect run-and-gun gameplay, Cuphead is like if early Disney cartoons traveled through time to make a beautiful baby with Contra. It’s the mashup we never knew we needed. While it’s no longer an Xbox One exclusive, Cuphead is still the must-have indie platformer to buy on the console. 9. Gears of War 4 2016 | The Coalition While Halo has struggled on the Xbox One, Microsoft’s other big shooter franchise has thrived, with a sequel set a quarter-century after the original trilogy focusing on the son of J.D. Fenix. Gears of War 4’s campaign at once feels familiar, but the new enemies and the addition of chaotic windstorms mix things up just enough. The stakes may not be quite as high as the older games, but this is still a welcome trip back to Sera.
Gears of War 4 also feels like the first time that the series’ notoriously unbalanced multiplayer has reached some level of parity, making it one of the better experiences on the Xbox One. If you’ve never experienced this series before, the fourth installment is a pretty solid jumping on point.
8. Fallout 4 2015 | Bethesda Game Studios After publishing two major Fallout and two Elder Scrolls games last generation, Bethesda pressed down on the brakes for the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 era. Still, there’s so much content in Fallout 4 that it’s the only RPG you’ll need for quite some time. The last two 3D Fallout games were so universally beloved that Bethesda mostly just added on to what worked and tweaked those games’ few shortcomings (namely the combat). The additions of crafting and managing settlements give Fallout 4 an even longer shelf life than its predecessors. 7. Resident Evil 2 2019 | Capcom Developers take note: Capcom’s Resident Evil 2 remake is the proper way to redo games from the 32-bit era. The original title was great for its time, but the tank controls, obtuse puzzles, and rough graphics aged terribly. The remake might not have everything the original title had (the giant spiders are sorely missed), but it streamlines the story and perfectly mixes the faster-paced combat of later Resident Evil games with the survival horror tone of Leon and Claire’s original visit to Raccoon City.
Resident Evil 2 is the rare remake that not only tops its source material in every way but may even be the best game in the entire series. If Capcom wanted to remake the original Resident Evil or Nemesis with