 Best Video Games to Play in 2020
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
The big exclusive games for PS4, Xbox One and Switch in 2020
Best PC Games to Play in 2020
25 Best Games of the PS4, Xbox One, and Switch Generation
How Doom Eternal Aims to Be Bigger and Better Than Its Predecessor
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
2020 is shaping up to be a special year for video games. Here are the titles that you need to play in 2020...
As Sony and Microsoft eye the next generation of video game consoles, and Google experiments with cloud gaming with its Stadia platform, studios everywhere are preparing to give this generation its swan song while crafting the future of the industry. The result will be a year full of compelling new experiences, jaw-dropping remakes, long-awaited sequels, and a few games that defy classification. As such, we’ve picked all of the upcoming games you need to keep an eye on in 2020. You may be wondering where games like Metroid Prime 4 are on our list. While it’s certainly possible (maybe even likely) that game and other highly-anticipated titles will be released in 2020, for the moment, we are only including games that have been granted a 2020 release window or release date. Rest assured that we will be updating this list as more games are confirmed. For now, here are the video games you need to play in 2020: Animal Crossing: New Horizons March 20 | Nintendo | Switch
While we figured that Animal Crossing: New Horizons would be a success, few could have predicted what a cultural phenomenon the game has turned out to be. Some of New Horizons‘ success can be traced back to the unique circumstances of its release, but it really just comes down to the quality of the game itself. New Horizons both refines the series’ classic formula and reinvents it in such ways that fans new and old get to enjoy its bountiful universe of constant discovery. Buy Animal Crossing: New Horizons on Amazon. Assassin’s Creed Valhalla March 20 | Ubisoft | PS4, XBO, PS5, Xbox Series X, PC Assassin’s Creed Valhalla finally utilizes one of the most requested historical themes over the years (Vikings), but that’s not the only reason it’s on our radar.
The early word is that Valhalla will build upon the RPG elements of Odyssey in exciting new ways. If Ubisoft can pull off some of their promises, this could prove to be one of the more bountiful and entertaining games of 2020.
Buy Assassin’s Creed Valhalla on Amazon. Bleeding Edge March 24 | Ninja Theory | XBO, PC Join our mailing list Get the best of Den of Geek delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe We didn’t expect Ninja Theory’s (DmC, Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice) first Xbox