 exclusive to be a multiplayer melee brawler, but that’s exactly what Bleeding Edge is. Essentially a holy union between the hero-based Overwatch and the classic Dreamcast brawler Power Stone, Bleeding Edge has its heart in the right place even if some of its ideas aren’t quite there yet. We’re interested to see how this title grows over the coming months. Buy Bleeding Edge on Amazon. Carrion
TBA | Nintendo | XBO, PS4, Switch, PC
Have you ever watched The Thing and wished you could play a whole game as the alien shapeshifter? That’s roughly the premise of Carrion: a reverse-horror game in which you control a (mostly) formless being as it escapes an underground research lab, punishing its doomed captors along the way. Carrion’s “play as the creature” premise is intriguing, but the heart of the game is its solid Metroidvania gameplay, which sees you slowly build up your monster with additional ways to murder, mutilate, and dismember the unsuspecting humans. We played the game at E3 2019 and can’t wait to get our hands on it again. Cyberpunk 2077 September 17 | CD Projekt Red | XBO, PS4, PC It’s not a stretch to call Cyberpunk 2077 one of the most anticipated games in years, and that was true even before anyone knew Keanu Reeves was going to be in it. Developed by the team responsible for the critically-acclaimed The Witcher 3, Cyberpunk 2077 aims to be one of the largest, deepest, and most intense sci-fi RPG experiences ever made. Expectations may be high, but what we’ve seen of the game thus far has us feeling very optimistic. Buy Cyberpunk 2077 on Amazon. Dark Alliance
Fall | Tuque Games | PC, Consoles
The Dark Alliance series is infamous for its co-op, Diablo-like gameplay and Baldur’s Gate mythology. While the Baldur’s Gate name may not be present in this 2020 version of Dark Alliance, that same incredible co-op dungeon crawler gameplay is set to make a glorious return. We can’t wait to dive back into some of the deepest and darkest corners of the Dungeons and Dragons world with our friends in order to slay deadly monsters and earn some of that incredible loot. It remains to be seen whether this title will live up to that part of the Dark Alliance name, but considering that the series’ formula is as powerful as ever, we have high hopes for this one. Destroy All Humans! Remake July 28 | Black Forest Studios | XBO, PS4, PC For years, Destroy All Humans! has been referred to as a cult classic. While the game’s unique premise — you’re an alien sent to destroy humanity amid ’50s Americana — is part of the reason for its cult status, the sad truth is that not enough people really gave Destroy All Humans! a chance following its release. That may soon change, though, as Destroy All Humans! Remake retains much of what made the original so brilliant while upgrading the game just enough to accommodate some necessary current-gen improvements. Doom