 Eternal March 20 | id Software | PS4, XBO, PC, Stadia
We would have been perfectly happy if Doom Eternal was nothing more than more of the phenomenal 2016 Doom reboot, but Doom Eternal proved to be far more ambitious than that.
Doom Eternal is a blistering fast arcade action experience that adopts a unique arena-like approach to its combat system. The result is a challenging action experience that often forces you to creatively utilize its unique weapons and incredible abilities in order to survive. Buy Doom Eternal on Amazon. Dragon Ball Z Kakarot January 17 | CyberConnect2 | XBO, PS4, PC Not long ago, we would have been cautious to blindly recommend a Dragon Ball Z game, but the success of Dragon Ball FighterZ may have kickstarted a new era of high-quality Dragon Ball adaptations. Dragon Ball Z Kakarot certainly looks to be just that. Published by Bandai Namco and developed by the team behind the Naruto Shippuden series, Kakarot certainly serves as an exceptional Action-RPG experience. As the title suggests, the game is very much focused on Goku’s story during the events of Dragon Ball Z, but it also makes connections with many of the manga and anime’s other heroes. The game lets fight through some of the story’s most iconic battles as well as go on side quests and new missions “that answer some burning questions of Dragon Ball lore for the first time.”
Buy Dragon Ball Z Kakarot on Amazon.
Dying Light 2 TBA | Techland Publishing | XBO, PS4, PC The original Dying Light was quite the surprise. At a time when zombie game fatigue was in full effect, Dying Light revived the concept with its parkour gameplay, large levels, and a surprisingly solid story. Well, Dying Light 2 looks bigger and better in all the usual sequel ways, but it’s the story written by RPG veteran Chris Avellone (Fallout: New Vegas, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order) that really has us intrigued to see what this new game has in store. It’s just a shame that the game has been indefinitely delayed and we’re no longer sure when it will be released. Buy Dying Light 2 on Amazon. Empire of Sin TBA | Romero Games | XBO, PS4, PC, Switch Empire of Sin sees you play as an aspiring criminal overlord in Prohibition era Chicago who is just trying to make a name for themselves on the mean streets. It’s up to you to ensure that they rise to the top of a criminal empire that’s not lacking in competition for the throne.
With its blend of X-COM strategy action and romanticized ‘20s gangster atmosphere, Empire of Sin offers one of the most intriguing premises in recent memory. We can’t wait to see whether all the parts come together to form something special. Did we mention that the game is being developed by John (Wolfenstein, Doom, Quake) and Brenda (Wizardry, Dungeons & Dragons) Romero?
Final Fantasy 7 Remake March 2 | Square Enix | PS4 It was beginning to feel like