 Final Fantasy 7 Remake would never live up to the hype (if it was released at all), but at the very least, Final Fantasy 7 Remake has proved to be one of the most talked-about games of 2020. This is a bold and grand experiment that has triggered a conversation about the expectations and obligations of a remake. It won’t be for everyone, but Square Enix definitely went out of their way to offer something unexpected. Buy Final Fantasy 7 Remake on Amazon. Gears Tactics April 28 | Splash Damage | Xbox One, PC
We would have never guessed that an X-COM themed Gears spin-off would prove to be one of the best early games of a stacked 2020 lineup, but here we are.
Gears Tactics‘ blend of airtight strategy mechanics and well-placed bits of lore will immediately appeal to fans of X-COM and Gears. If you so happen to enjoy both of those game franchises, then you’ll be in heaven. Ghost of Tsushima July 17 | Sucker Punch | PS4 Ghost of Tsushima (along with The Last of Us Part 2) is set to serve as one of the swan song exclusives of the PS4. Considering the console’s history of high-quality exclusive titles, this action game from developer Sucker Punch has a lot to live up to. Yet, it feels like it might just meet those considerable expectations. Ghost of Tsushima remains a mysterious game in many ways, but its environments, music, combat, and visuals look like they may rank among the very best of the generation. Besides, the world can never have enough great single-player samurai games. Buy Ghost of Tsushima on Amazon. Godfall
TBA | Counterplay Games | PS5
As a title described as featuring “high-impact third-person melee combat to engage players as they hunt for loot, don legendary armor sets, and defeat vicious enemies,” Godfall already has our attention. However, what really intrigues us about this upcoming title is its status as the first confirmed PS5 game. Godfall is one of a select series of titles that will set the expectations for next-gen gaming in terms of design and technology. That’s a tall order, but based on what we’ve seen so far, this is one of the games you’ll want to keep an eye on if you end up with Sony’s next console in your living room. Gods and Monsters TBA | Ubisoft | PS4, XBO, Nintendo Switch, PC One of the more pleasant surprises of E3 2019 was the reveal of the next game from the makers of Assassin’s Creed Odyssey, Gods and Monsters. The Zelda-like aesthetic reminds many of Breath of the Wild, but hopefully there will be plenty of new ideas that set it apart from Nintendo’s masterpiece. Assassin’s Creed Odyssey was one of that series’ most fascinating games in years, but it was dragged down a bit by the conventions of the franchise. We can’t wait to see what Ubisoft will do with an entirely new world free of baggage.
Buy Gods and Monsters on Amazon.
Half-Life: Alyx