 a straight line, deciding when best to block and attack in order to win the best of three rounds. You'll need to be seriously online to understand where the ideas for the characters came from, but anyone can appreciate the absurd spectacle of a jacked Shiba Inu punching a magical squirrel. There's also a pretty robust combo system beneath the silly visuals, meaning that if you spend some time getting to grips with the game, then you can become the apex predator when you challenge your friends, try the game's arcade mode or fight against others online. (Image credit: Devolver Digital) 4. Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout The newest game to take social media by storm, this battle royale-style title doesn't involve fighting directly, but rather platforming by way of running, jumping, diving and grabbing. Each round takes you through your way to the end of one of several tricky obstacle courses. Make it to the end fast enough, or complete one of the other unique goals tied to different maps, and you'll get to progress to the next round, until a victor is decided in a final free-for-all. With up to 60 players a match each playing as a cute bean-shaped character, there's a lot of visual appeal, particularly when you begin to unlock cosmetics to customize your avatar's look and emotes. Sometimes you'll be playing against all of the other players, but other times you will be split into teams for a more cooperative experience. Check Amazon 5. Cuphead (Image credit: Studio MDHR) After two years of Xbox and PC exclusivity, you can finally play this beautifully designed and dastardly difficult platformer/shooter. As Cuphead and/or Mugman, you'll travel across the world to hunt down and defeat a number of bosses who owe their souls to the Devil, just like you. It's a dark-sound theme, but it's presented with charming hand-drawn animation designed to look like 1930s cartoons. In motion, there's no other game that looks like this. You'll be seeing frequent restarts as you tackle each boss, as you're only a fragile cup and they will strike you down with some brutal attacks. But the good thing is you won't mind, since the game looks great, and sounds awesome thanks to its jazzy soundtrack, and there's customization options if you feel you need to change up your tactics. If you have patience to learn the game's systems and the enemies' patterns, you'll be hooked on Cuphead. $11.79 View at CDKeys $13.99 View at Microsoft US $19.99 View at Humble Store 378 Amazon customer reviews ????? (Image credit: Pillow Castle) 6. Superliminal Puzzle games often require you to look closely at your environment to figure out what to do next, but in Superliminal it's even more important. Your perspective on the scene matters, because moving things around changes their size, allowing paths to be uncovered and built out of the everyday items you find around you in-game. This is a game that's definitely going to stretch your mental muscles in