 March 23 | Valve | PC We’re still having trouble processing the fact that we got a new Half-Life game in 2020, and we’re really having trouble processing the fact that it’s arguably the best VR title ever made. The barrier to entry to get to even play Half-Life: Alyx is substantial, but clearing it rewards you with one of the best single-player FPS experiences of the last 5 years (at the very least). It’s an astonishing return to form for developer Valve. Halo Infinite Winter | 343 Industries | Xbox Scarlett, PC Well, well, well. As if Halo Infinite weren’t already one of the biggest upcoming games in the world, anticipation for the title has only grown following the announcement that it will be a launch title for Xbox Scarlett.
Halo Infinite is positioned as something of a soft reboot of the franchise. It will continue the series’ story but will re-imagine certain concepts a la God of War. It’s also the first confirmed next-gen title and the most exciting Halo game since Bungie left the franchise.
Iron Man VR July 3 | Camouflaj | PS4 With the exception of Marvel’s Spider-Man for PS4, the Marvel superhero video game offerings released since 2004 have been surprisingly…thin. The MCU continues to grow, but we’ve yet to see video games really get in on the action. Can Iron Man VR turn things around? That remains to be seen, but the idea of stepping into Iron Man’s suit and becoming a Marvel superhero is certainly one of the more appealing uses of VR (and the Marvel license) that we’ve heard of in quite some time. Buy Iron Man VR on Amazon. The Last of Us Part 2 June 19 | Naughty Dog | PS4 Considering that The Last of Us was one of the best games of the decade, it’s safe to say that The Last of Us Part 2 is riding a wave of expectations. Naughty Dog faces a very difficult task, as it not only has to make an entertaining game but also continue one of the greatest stories ever told in gaming form. But we remain optimistic that the beloved studio will come through once again and find a way to meet all those expectations.
The sequel picks up several years after Joel and Ellie’s escape from the Firefly facility. While Ellie is safe and living within the walls of a thriving community, all is not right with the world, which is still overrun by monsters and enemy settlements. Early on in the story, Ellie will be forced to leave the relative safety of her settlement in Wyoming to face new dangers and a brand new adventure. Everything we’ve seen of The Last of Us Part 2 thus far suggests that it’s going to be a brilliant and worthwhile game in its own right. We just can’t wait.
Buy The Last of Us Part 2 on Amazon. LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga TBA | Traveller’s Tales | XBO, PS4, Nintendo Switch The