 LEGO games have been a reliable source for casual fun for quite some time now. They may follow a formula, but it’s a time tested formula that rarely fails to entertain. Next year’s LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga will utilize that formula to tell the story of all nine main Star Wars films. That makes it an essential installment for fans who want to relive the entire Star Wars story in brick form. Buy Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga on Amazon. Marvel’s Avengers September 4 | Crystal Dynamics, Eidos Montreal | XBO, PS4, PC, Google Stadia
We’ve waited for years to get a proper Avengers game, and Square Enix’s secret Avengers project hasn’t made the wait any easier. Now that we’ve actually seen a proper trailer and played some of the game, we can say with confidence that the results are positive for the most part.
There are plenty of reasons to be excited for this game, as Square Enix is committed to expanding and improving it for years after its release. If Square stays true to its vision, Marvel’s Avengers could prove to be a definitive superhero title. Buy Marvel’s The Avengers on Amazon. Minecraft Dungeons May 26 | Mojang | XBO, PS4, PC, Switch No one expected the Minecraft team to work on a Minecraft-themed dungeon crawler, but it’s a very nice surprise nonetheless. Dungeons is described as a passion project by the Minecraft team and that much looks clear from the early footage. While simpler than other games in the genre, Dungeons exists somewhere in between Diablo and a LEGO Star Wars game, which might actually be the sweet spot. Buy Minecraft Dungeons on Amazon. Nioh 2 March 12 | Team Ninja | PS4 The original Nioh‘s exciting combat and brilliant aesthetic made it one of the more notable and exciting entries into the Souls-inspired Action RPG genre. It also represented Team Ninja’s best work in years. Nioh 2 manages to one-up its predecessor in many ways. It’s perfect for anyone who enjoyed the original, but we can safely recommend jumping into this title if you’re curious what this franchise is all about. Buy Nioh 2 on Amazon. No More Heroes 3 TBA | Grasshopper Manufacture | Switch The No More Heroes franchise is known as an eccentric outlier designed for those looking for something a little different. While its hack-and-slash gameplay broke very little new ground when it first debuted, the series’ diverse cast of characters, great art style, and absurd storylines gained the series a devoted following. No More Heroes 3 will continue the series’ proudest traditions when it releases in 2020, all under the watchful eye of series creator Suda51. Buy No More Heroes 3 on Amazon. Oddworld: Soulstorm TBA | Oddworld Inhabitants | PS4, XBO, PC To say that the Oddworld franchise has had a scattered history would be a bit of an understatement. Oddworld: Abe’s Oddysee was seen as a clever and innovative take on the puzzle genre when it was released