 in 1997, but since then, the Oddworld name has grown to include games from different genres and of varying quality. Well, Soulstorm is positioned to be the true sequel to Oddysee that fans have been waiting for. It not only continues the chronological adventures established in the original game, but it will attempt to modernize the series’ original gameplay concepts while incorporating new ideas. Ori and the Will of the Wisps February 11 | Moon Studios | XBO, PC Ori and the Blind Forest caught many gamers off-guard with its incredible visual style and fantastic Metroidvania gameplay. However, the success of the original only raised expectations for Ori and the Will of the Wisps. For the most part, this sequel lives up to all of those expectations. It’s a creative, fun, and surprisingly deep platformer that builds upon the first game while establishing a legacy of its own. Buy Ori and the Will of the Wisps on Amazon. Outriders September | People Can Fly | PS4, XBO, PC When People Can Fly, the studio responsible for the seriously underrated Bulletstorm, announces that it’s working on a new game, we tend to pay attention. After all, the team is well-known for its airtight action gameplay mechanics and outside-the-box ideas. While we don’t know much about Outriders, an online shooter made by the developers of one of the best shooters ever made is certainly appealing. If Outriders features the same quality of gameplay we’ve come to expect from People Can Fly, then you can rest assured it’s going to be one to keep your eyes on. Paper Mario: Origami King July 17 | Nintendo | Switch The Paper Mario series has fallen on hard times in very recent years, but the promise of Nintendo successfully reviving one of their most creative and enjoyable franchises remains an enticing prospect. Based on what we’ve seen, Origami King could be the game that brings Paper Mario back to life. It’s beautiful, it features necessary changes, and honestly, Nintendo has been on fire thus far with their first-party Switch releases. Buy Paper Mario: Origami King on Amazon. Phantasy Star Online 2 Spring | Sega | XBO, PC Phantasy Star Online 2 is one of the most popular games in Japan, but Sega has never truly made the effort to bring this title to the West. Fortunately, American gamers will finally be able to try the sequel to Phantasy Star Online when it comes to Xbox One and PC in 2020. Fans of the original game and those looking for a new MMO to lose a few hundred hours in will want to keep an eye on this one. Rainbow Six Quarantine TBA | Ubisoft Montreal | PS4, XBO, PC The Rainbow Six series has survived quite a few changes over the years, but no entry in the tactical shooter franchise has been quite so…odd as Quarantine. Pitched as a combination of Left 4 Dead and Rainbow Six: Siege, this is certainly Rainbow Six‘s strangest hour. Yet,