 there’s something undeniably appealing about this concept. The risky idea, combined with the stellar history of Siege, leaves us feeling optimistic about this experiment’s chances of success. Buy Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Quarantine on Amazon. Resident Evil 3 Remake April 23 | Capcom | PS4, XBO, PC We’d be lying if we told you that the Resident Evil 3 remake quite lives up to the expectations set by the first two remakes in the series. It just lacks the ambition that defined those titles. Still, Resident Evil 3 was a great game and this remake revitalizes many of its best elements. It’s an intense experience that looks beautiful and successful offers more of the core gameplay of Resident Evil 2‘s remake. Buy Resident Evil 3 Remake on Amazon. Scorn TBA | Ebb Software | Xbox Series X, PC It’s been quite some time since we last heard from Scorn, but this intriguing horror-themed title made a return in 2020 in a big way. While elements of Scorn remain a bit of a mystery, we’re fully on-board with any title that draws influences from H.R. Giger and David Lynch. We’ll have to see whether or not this game lives up to the standards of its inspirations. Skull and Bones March | Ubisoft | XBO, PC, PS4 Originally set for a 2019 release date, Skull and Bones was pushed back by Ubisoft to give the game more time to cook. What’s remarkable about the delay is that it’s for a game that we really don’t know much about yet. However, what we do know about Skull and Bones suggests that it may just be, in some ways, the successor to Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag that we’ve been waiting for all these years. At the very least, it should give those who didn’t get enough pirate action from Sea of Thieves the chance to live their high sea outlaw dreams. Buy Skull and Bones on Amazon. Street Fighter V: Champion Edition February 14 | Capcom | XBO, PC, PS4 Street Fighter V has traversed a rocky road until this point. Between a bad launch and some questionable updates, the title has largely been associated with controversy. However, the truth of the matter is that Street Fighter V has morphed into a pretty great fighting game in the past few years. The Champion Edition compiles the best of Street Fighter V, including all of the fighters released thus far, with some new fighters and other content. Series veterans will certainly want to take a look at it, but this may actually appeal most to newbies looking to jump into a more complete experience than the game’s original launch version. Buy Street Fighter V: Champion Edition on Amazon. Streets of Rage 4 April 30 | DotEmu | XBO, PC, PS4, Switch Granted, we don’t typically count the Streets of Rage franchise among gaming’s heaviest hitters, but it’s always offered a beloved and surprisingly exceptional gameplay experience. Streets of Rage 4 will almost certainly appeal