 to Streets of Rage fans out there, but we suspect that anyone who craves the simplicity of an arcade-like action title will be drawn to its well-executed old-school sensibilities. Buy Streets of Rage 4 on Amazon. System Shock Remake TBA | Night Dive Studios | XBO, PC, PS4 The System Shock remake’s road to release has been rockier than most. Following a successful Kickstarter campaign, developer Nightdive Studios has encountered several hurdles that have threatened to derail the project. Thankfully, the remake looks to be back on track. The original System Shock is one of the most influential sci-fi games ever made and this remake wants to remind modern audiences why it’s a classic. Judging from the footage we’ve seen so far, this revamped version of System Shock should fit right in with its modern compatriots. Tales of Arise TBA | Bandai Namco Studios | XBO, PC, PS4 The Tales series (also known as the Tales of series) has existed since 1995 but has dipped in and out of mainstream popularity due to its scattered releases across multiple consoles, countries, and eras. Tales of Arise looks to not only modernize the series but stabilize its long history through reinvention. The game features a darker aesthetic than past installments, but will also retain the Linear Motion Battle System of past installments. While it will pay homage to what came before, the idea of a re-focused Tales game that welcomes new players as well as appeases old ones makes this the franchise’s most fascinating entry in quite some time. Buy Tales of Arise on Amazon. Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 1 + 2 The first two Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater games rightfully retain their legacy as two of the PlayStation’s best games. They were innovative, timely, and, above all else, a lot of fun. These upcoming remakes of those titles will preserve nearly everything that made them special, but what really has us excited is the possibility that the small ways that developer Vicarious Visions is altering these titles may inspire a studio to properly revive this legendary franchise. Buy Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 1 + 2 on Amazon. Trials of Mana April 24 | Square Enix | Switch, PC, PS4 Trials of Mana may be a remake of a 1995 game, but there’s a very good chance that you’ve never heard of it before. Despite being the sequel to the cult classic SNES title Secrets of Mana, Trials of Mana wasn’t released outside of Japan when it first launched. It wasn’t until the sequel was bundled in Collection of Mana for Switch that many Western gamers got to play it. Regardless of whether or not you played the 1995 version of Trials of Mana, this 2020 remake feels like a completely different game. With its modern graphics, improved AI, and generally refined gameplay, Trials of Mana is arguably one of the top RPGs of 2020. Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines 2 TBA | Paradox Interactive | XBO, PC, PS4 The original Vampire: