 The best PS4 racing games, from cutesy karting to F1 realism
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Kart Komparison! Which cute racing game offers the most?
Blur: preview and Bizarre Creations interview
The 20 best games to play with your kids
Team Sonic Racing review: fast-paced family fun
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
There are some great racing games you can buy on the PS4 right now...
Fans of racing games are pretty spoilt these days. Each new year brings more great games, and each one brings with it realistic experiences and a wider selection of cars and tracks. The line-up is impressive, particularly on PS4. Games like GT Sport, Project Cars 2 and Assetto Corsa bring with them unbelievable levels of detail and realism – the water and lighting effects, car details, and incredible physics engines, will make you forget you’re sat on your sofa. Of course, there are still games for more casual racing fans too. Whether you love cartoonish carts or realistic road-racers, there’s a racing game for you. But how do you choose which to buy? Many racing games can, on the surface, seem rather similar, and everybody wants something slightly different from a game. To help you make a choice, here’s a list of some of the best racing games from the last few years that you can play on PS4… Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled Let’s start with a classic karting option: the Crash Team Racing franchise came to PS4 in 2019, with the new Nitro-Fueled game bringing together classic tracks from 1999’s original game, 2003’s Crash Nitro Kart and 2005’s Crash Tag Team Racing.
Although even the ‘medium’ difficulty level has proven to be quite hard (as we spoke about in our otherwise-glowing review), this is a really fun experience with heaps of tracks to try and extra bits to unlock. New tracks have been added since the launch, as well, alongside on-going Grand Prix events that give Nitro-Fueled some extra replayability. Get Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled on Amazon for £26.70 GT Sport Gran Turismo is probably the most popular racing game ever, and after a four-year wait, it found its way to the PS4 in 2017. Featuring 162 cars and 27 track layouts in total, it offers roughly the same amount of content as games like Project Cars 2, or Assetto Corsa – on paper that is. In practice, GT Sport gives you one of the most immersive racing experiences ever created, with pristine graphics, exclusive concept cars and a very well supported eSports mode, too. We need to mention it’s also available on PlayStation VR too, for an even more immersive experience! If you like racing games, you’ll want to buy this – it’s just a shame there are no classic cars. Get GT Sport on Amazon for £20.98