 Project Cars 2
Project Cars 2 might not have the support or resources of some other racers, but it’s the best game around for car enthusiasts. Although it features a similar amount of racers to GT Sport, Project Cars 2 covers much bigger distances. There are classics from the 90s, 80s and 70s here, from iconic road cars to some of the most famous racing cars ever to grace a track.
It’s not perfect, but for a car or racing enthusiast who really knows their stuff, Project Cars 2’s varied garage and granular detail are hard to beat. Get Project Cars 2 on Amazon for £16.40 Join our mailing list Get the best of Den of Geek delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe Team Sonic Racing Sonic’s previous karting games may not be as universally beloved as Crash and Mario’s ones, but Team Sonic Racing made admirable moves to add something unique to this racing game subgenre. As we spoke about in our review, this game is based around teamwork. Although you can partake in solo races, the main draw here is working together in teams of three (either in person or online) to try and engineer a multi-pronged success. You can share items with your teammates and gain speed bosts by driving in their slipstreams, all the while charging up a ‘Team Ultimate’ bar that allows your whole crew to become invincible and extra-speedy for a short period of time. The story is a little thin, but in terms of gameplay, this is a neat alternative view of what a racing game can be. Get Team Sonic Racing on Amazon for £29.99 DiRT 4
DiRT 4‘s graphics are gorgeous, with day and night stages looking almost photorealistic at points, and there’s so much content on offer this time around, too. If you want to play online, bash into cones, or just mess around in RallyCross races, you’ll find a mode in Dirt 4 that lets you do it – and the handling is also amazing.
In simulation mode, keeping your car on the track is tricky, challenging, and extremely rewarding when you get it right – but an arcade mode keeps things exciting and enjoyable for more arcade-focused gamers, too. If you don’t like rallying yet, you certainly will after buying DiRT 4. Get DiRT 4 on Amazon for £21.95 Assetto Corsa If you’re a fan of racing sims, Assetto Corsa is a must-have. Following months of delays on PS4 and Xbox One, the PC racer’s favourite finally made its way to the console in 2016 – and it’s one of the most realistic racing games of all time. There’s a great range of cars and tracks to drive, and loads of DLC has been released to bolster the experience. Multiplayer on Assetto Corsa is by no means perfect, and the graphics don’t look as pretty as some games now, but overall it remains a great racing sim. Get Assetto Corsa on Amazon for £29.09 DiRT Rally
DiRT 4 might have eclipsed it, but