 DiRT Rally is still a great game. With a steering wheel and shifter, this game offers one of the most immersive driving experiences out there, and it even has an optional PSVR DLC for virtual driving.
It might not have the full licensing of the official WRC game, but with such good handling and attention to detail, it’s hard to complain. And if you can afford to splurge for a newer game, it’s also well worth checking out DiRT Rally 2.0. (You can read our preview of that game here.) Get DiRT Rally on Amazon for £19.10 F1 2018 Every year, Codemasters releases a new Formula 1 game. F1 2018 is one of the best, featuring some great handling, along with all the cars and tracks from that year’s championship. F1 2017 introduced an interesting progression system to cars, but it was improved substantially here. There are far more improvement programs and practices available to help you get better, and an even wider range of classic F1 cars to drive.
Get F1 2018 on Amazon for £34.55
What’s your favourite driving game on PS4? Let us know in the comments below! Or, if you fancy, click away to our list of the best PS4 games for kids…

10 Best PC Games of 2019
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
PC Gaming Innovations That Changed the Way We Play
100 Best Games of the Decade
Free Video Games to Play While You're in Quarantine
Why PC Is Still the Best Gaming Platform
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
From puzzling puzzlers to a classic MMO, these are the best PC games of 2019.
The PC gaming scene has long been known as the home of some of the most innovative and original gaming experiences in the world. The best PC games of 2019 justified that reputation. Due to a relative lack of high-profile releases, many of the best PC games of 2019 came from indie developers and other surprising sources. As a result, the games on this list are truly unique. From detective games that are secretly elaborate psych tests to a puzzle game that plays by its own rules, the best PC titles of the year offered an experiences we didn’t expect but absolutely loved. As an added bonus, you can run most of this year’s best games on even the humblest of gaming PCs. One of them was even first released 15 years ago… Here are 10 of the best PC games of 2019 in alphabetical order:
Baba Is You March 13 | Hempuli Oy Most great puzzle games are defined by a series of rules that help govern the experience. In Baba Is You, though, the rules are anything but defined. Actually, you’re able to change them by simply interacting with a few key blocks in each level that not