 a way they have not been tested before. While the world you find yourself in is quiet and peaceful (apart from the comically small and large objects you've left behind), there's a strange story going on in the background, in which you're the subject of a strange kind of therapy represented by the puzzles. The voiceover narrator may remind you of another unusual puzzle solving game involving portals, but Superliminal is its own unique beast that deserves your attention. (Image credit: Team 17 Digital) 7. Moving Out Helping your friends move out of their house is a chore in real life, but it's a lot more fun in this game. With up to four people, you'll extract furniture from homes and other buildings full of junk outside and into your truck. Luckily for you, you can carry the possessions out in more ways than just the door, and your clients don't seem to mind about breakages, but the environment around their homes and business will be full of more hazards than you may have expected. You're able to collect a variety of character customization pieces to swap between as you complete removals in your quest to become the best company in town. There are usually a couple of different ways to complete a level depending on if you want to blast through the game or you want to master the game's strange physics system and controls. And if you want an even tougher challenge, then the Arcade Mode lets you try moving a sofa through some more difficult environments. Whichever one you choose, you'll find a scenario that's the perfect level of difficulty for you and your friends. $16.12 View at Green Man Gaming $19.93 View at Walmart Prime $29.96 View at Amazon (Image credit: Summit Entertainment) 8. John Wick Hex Just like the film trilogy that this game is based on, John Wick Hex is about strategizing your way through an overwhelming number of armed enemies. This isn't a shooter, it's more of a strategy title that is somewhere between real-time and turn based, the game pausing each time you reach an enemy so you can figure out your approach to the situation. Every action you then take is measured on the in-game timeline, be it movement, shots or reloads, against those of the enemies, allowing you to play around with options to see which solution lets you survive unscathed. The game has a look that's just as interesting as its blend of genres. You'll travel between varied environments all rendered in a comic book style that makes a whole lot of sense given the apparent superpowers that John Wick has with whatever gun is in his hands. Check Amazon (Image credit: Annapurna Interactive) 9. Telling Lies There's a mystery that needs solving, and the only evidence you have is a series of clips from video chats between four different people going back over four years. Using the search capabilities of the data based you've 'acquired', you have to