 The best Nintendo Switch games to play in 2019
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Upcoming Nintendo Switch games for October and November
How to Stream Control on Nintendo Switch
Nintendo Switch Online Price, Details, and Release Date
Nintendo Holiday Gift Guide: Best Consoles and Games to Buy
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
From Mario to football management, there is something for everyone on Nintendo Switch...
The Nintendo Switch has been on the market for a while now, and it boasts some of the best games around. Some Nintendo Switch games are particularly great for commuting, but in this article, we’re going to cover the best all-rounders. The Switch, which was once a somewhat underserved console, is now overflowing with games to pick up and play. Trying to choose the perfect titles from the eShop can be tough, but don’t worry, we’ve got your back with our guide to the best Nintendo Switch games to get started with. You’ll see mainstays like the absolutely incredible Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild make our roundup, but there’s lots more to play besides the obvious choices. We’ve even thrown in a football management sim, which bucks the trend of that genre in some interesting ways, if that your cup of tea. Here it is, then, in no particular order, a list of some of the very best Nintendo Switch games…
Fire Emblem: Three Houses If you’re looking for a strategy game that will draw you into a life-consuming addiction (in a good way), Fire Emblem: Three Houses is well worth checking out. As we discussed in our 4.5-star review, this game sees you taking on the role of a teacher in a school where you and the students get to train up for and take part in epic battles. Over the course of a campaign that clocks in at over 80 hours, you’ll build proper emotional connections with your tutees, who could also die at any moment in the brutal ‘classic mode’ version of the game. With stakes that high and plenty of action, this one’s an essential purchase. Buy now from the Nintendo eShop The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Despite the swathes of changes to the Zelda template, The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild still feels very much like a Zelda game. It’s more challenging than ever before, putting both your combat and puzzle-solving skills to the test, and every square inch of this ruined Hyrule aches to be explored. It has to be known that this is not only the best Zelda title ever, it’s one of the greatest games ever made. Not since The Witcher 3 made open-world games feel fresh again has something come along and blown the template out of the water. Also, a sequel is on the