 way, so it’s not too late to get involved with this fandom!
Get Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Nintendo Switch
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Unsurprisingly, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe plays exactly like Mario Kart 8 on the Wii U. Not only does it include all DLC from Mario Kart 8 but it has a slew of new battle game modes – something sorely missing from the Wii U original. And, thanks to the Switch’s fantastic different form factors, multiplayer Mario Kart has literally never been as fun nor as instant. 100% an essential purchase. Get Mario Cart 8 Deluxe on Nintendo Switch Join our mailing list Get the best of Den of Geek delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe New Star Soccer Manager An absolutely must-play for football fans, New Star Soccer Manager is a nice change of pace, especially compared to the endless cycle of FIFA and Football Manager games. In this indie alternative, you make the managerial decisions and take control of the team for key goal-scoring opportunities. This game doesn’t have licenced teams or players, but it does have some really fun mechanics that will get you nicely addicted. Bayonetta 2 Ahead of Bayonetta 3, PlatinumGames’ first two entries in the frenetic action series have been given the Switch makeover. The sequel in particular is a polished, madcap spectacle, and makes a perfect fit for short bursts during your commute or lunch break. This isn’t one for the kids – there’s plenty of violence, sexual references and swearing – but it’s a stellar adult game on a console otherwise buoyed by family-friendly fun. Get Bayonetta 2 on Nintendo Switch Splatoon 2
Playing very much like the original, Splatoon 2 takes what made its Wii U debut so much fun and turns it up to 11. The motion controls are still a little tricky to get used to, but the addition of the dual-wielded Splat Dualies (along with a set of new weapons, arenas and fashions) really helps keep it feeling fresh. The new co-op, wave-based Salmon Run is absolutely fantastic and the allure of being able to play absolutely anywhere makes Splatoon 2 a must-have.
Get Splatoon 2 on Nintendo Switch ARMS ARMS is a peculiar fighting game with a difference. Holding a Joy-Con controller in each hand, you trade blows with a foe by literally swinging your fists. Playing with Joy-Cons in each hand is surprisingly accurate, but pro-players can opt for a standard pad scheme instead. This one is well worth playing with friends. Get ARMS on Nintendo Switch Katana Zero Developed by Askiisoft and published by Devolver Digital, Katana Zero is a brilliant and addictive assassination game. You play as The Dragon, an expert killer that can manipulate time with the help of a drug called Chronos. The story is surprisingly moving, and the level design is very imaginative. The game does get very challenging at points, though, so prepare to shout at your Switch if you can’t work things out. Get Katana Zero on