 Nintendo Switch Octopath Traveler
Shrouded in mystery despite its rather open development, Octopath Traveler comes from the team behind the fantastic Bravely Default RPGs for Nintendo 3DS. Playing out as a tale split across eight individual characters whose paths cross over time, Octopath Traveler certainly isn’t your standard fare of JRPG, but it’s one that pushes the focus onto the characters themselves. Gaining universal critical acclaim – sitting with an 84 on Metacritic at time of writing. An essential Switch purchase for any RPG fan, then.
Get Octopath Traveller on Nintendo Switch Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle Having taken literally everyone by surprise at E3, the Ubisoft-developed Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle is the game nobody asked for but everybody needs to play. Boiled down to its essence, Mario + Rabbids is XCom for the Nintendo fan. It’s a tactical turn-based strategy game dripping with charm and oozing charisma. Despite being developed by Ubisoft, it’s Nintendo to its core, with Ubisoft’s typically annoying Rabbids showing a more endearing side. Don’t let this aesthetic fool you though, it may seem like Xcom-lite, but a truly deep and tactical shooter lies at its core. Get Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle on Nintendo Switch Sonic Mania Sonic Mania is a stunning return to form for the blue hedgehog. While playing on the Switch doesn’t really put Nintendo’s console through its technical paces, the crisp sprites and bright colours of Sonic really help show off just how vibrant and crisp the Switch’s 720p display is. It’s perfect portable gaming magic. Get Sonic Mania Plus on Nintendo Switch Furi
Having released on PS4, PC and Xbox One in 2016, Furi‘s arrival on Switch may be late but, like its siblings, it’s absolutely essential for anyone who loves a challenge. For those that don’t know, Furi is a neon-soaked, techno-futuristic action shooter that pits you against increasingly difficult boss fights as you break your way out of a maximum-security space prison. Visually, it’s as if Afro Samurai and Far Cry: Blood Dragon had a lovechild with a synthwave backing track. Brilliant.
Hollow Knight An indie darling long before it hit the Switch, Team Cherry’s Hollow Knight is one of the best Metroidvania games in recent memory. You play as a knight on a quest to explore an insect kingdom, which is stuffed with challenging battles to overcome and beautifully-rendered areas to uncover. Definitely pick it up if you haven’t already! Get Hollow Knight on Nintendo Switch Super Mario Party Super Mario Party really is an absolute gem of a game. It embraces everything that makes a modern Nintendo game just so great. It oozes personality and charm, and when playing with three other people it’s an absolute blast and a must-have for anyone who loves madcap fun with friends. You’d be hard pressed to find a better game to play with friends or to bring to parties. Get Super Mario Party on Nintendo Switch Gorogoa At first glance, Gorogoa doesn’t seem like much more than your average point-and-click puzzle game.