 However, within minutes of starting and peering through into its wonderful hand-drawn world, it evolves and becomes a multi-layered journey of music and art. It certainly has aspects of both The Room and Monument Valley in its puzzle mechanics, but it’s unlike either of them. Cost of entry may seem a little steep for an adventure that doesn’t last particularly long, but as a total work, it’s more than worth it.
Get Gorogoa on Nintendo Switch
Super Smash Bros Ultimate The latest edition of Nintendo’s Super Smash Bros series is arguably the best one yet. It’s an absolute crowd-pleaser, with a huge roster of fighters that is added to regularly (see: the recently-announced addition of Banjo-Kazooie). It’s perfect for playing with mates, even if its epic battles might test some of those friendships to breaking point! Get Super Smash Bros Ultimate on Nintendo Switch If we missed your pick of the best Nintendo Switch game, let us know in the comments below. Or if you want some more recommendations, check out our list of 2019’s must-play games.

25 Best Games of the PS4, Xbox One, and Switch Generation
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
World of Warcraft Shadowlands Review
Monster Hunter Review: Paul W.S. Anderson Lowers the Bar with Another Video Game Movie
Xbox Series X Review
Xbox Series X Games: Complete List of Titles Coming to Next-Gen Console
PS5 Games: Complete List of Titles for Next-Gen Console
100 Best Games of the Decade
Best Starter Decks for The Digimon Card Game
Wonder Woman 1984: DC Comics Easter Eggs and Reference Guide
Soul Ending Explained: What Happens Next to Joe?
Why Flesh and Blood Is A Must-Play Trading Card Game
With the Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5 set to kick off the next generation of games, we look back at the titles that made the current generation of consoles so memorable.
It may be harder to name a defining feature of the eighth generation of consoles than in previous generations. You could argue that this is the 4K generation, as it was the first to boost visuals to that resolution, but that feature only popped up midway through the generation in enhanced versions of the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Even now many current-gen releases don’t support 4K just yet. This generation could also be remembered as the one where a reliable, high-speed internet connection became more important than ever, not only for innovative new experiments with online connectivity and the burgeoning battle royal genre, but just to download the hefty updates most AAA games require today. Still, some of the best games of the last few years have been single-player only affairs. Perhaps this is the console generation that embraced the idea that gamers should be able to play what they want, how they want. Whether you wanted to play a big-budget new release in glorious 4K on the Xbox One X or PS4 Pro, or relax with an on-the-go port of an old favorite for the Nintendo Switch, these consoles had your back. Best of all, cross-platform play, cloud gaming, and subscription services like Xbox Game