 go through the clips to find out what happened between them. The catch is that you'll only get the first five results for whatever term you search for, even if that word appears in the transcript of more than five clips. This means you can't just skip to the end immediately, and even if you did, there's no guarantee you'll know what's going on. You'll need to choose your search terms carefully, taking note of key names, places and phrases to learn what you should search for next, and from there figure out the answers to your questions. Check Amazon (Image credit: House House/Panic) 10. Untitled Goose Game As the Goose named in the title, you have only one goal - bother the villagers in as many ways as you can find. They may be going about their day tending to their garden, running a pub or just relaxing reading the newspaper, but you have a list of mischievous tasks to get on with, and you can’t be reasoned or bargained with. You'll be breaking, entering, stealing, flapping and honking from start to finish and any boundary you come across won't stop you for long. This short but very sweet experience will take you to various areas around a picturesque village where there are lots of ways you can spoil a person’s day. The simple graphic style and piano score give the game an atmosphere like an old-fashioned cartoon, making it a pretty enjoyable spectator experience as well as a player one. When you’re done with what you might call the game's campaign, you can try out a speedrun of each area, or look for hidden tasks that combine the items from around the map in fun ways. $19.99 View at Amazon Prime $52.89 View at Amazon (Image credit: The Behemoth) 11. Castle Crashers Remastered A refreshed edition of the 2008 beat ’em up with a uniquely bizarre take on the fantasy genre. You and up to three other people play as knights on a quest to save princesses, defeat an evil wizard and recover a stolen treasure, which sounds normal enough. However, on your way to rescue these damsels, you'll need to take on giants, fish and other strange enemies with your fists, weapons and magic. The game takes place over various stages, each with their own obstacles and rewards that you can then spend on ability upgrades or new items to help you in the next battle. You can play alone with CPU allies or enlist other teammates online or locally, which can help you take on your enemies or revive you if you get overwhelmed. But no matter how many friends you have along with you, you’ll have a great time. This remastered version was released last year, and is undoubtedly a superior product to the original game too. The graphics and performance have been touched up for a prettier and smoother experience, and an additional mini-game has been added for a bit more variety in gameplay