 Every year, the global PC Gamer team gets together to decide the top 100 PC games. The process is simple: we take last year's list, propose a bunch of additions, tweaks and removals, and then hold a series of hours-long discussions going step-by-step through every suggestion. Here's the result: a list of what we think are the best PC games you can play today. That caveat—play today—is important. These aren't necessarily the most important or most influential games (if you're looking for that, check out the 50 most important PC games of all time). Every entry in the top 100 is something we recommend that PC gamers play in 2020. As always, we prefer to celebrate the breadth and variety on the platform, so we've limited ourselves to one entry per game series. We've also included a selection of personal picks—games that didn't make the list, but that individual members of the team still love. Enjoy! 100. Team Fortress 2 Released 2007 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Valve) Phil Savage: It's true: Team Fortress 2 is still good. Sure, it's 13 years old. And yes, it's gone through many changes—from hats to matchmaking. But for all the many hero shooters released in its wake, no other multiplayer FPS offers the same pick-up-and-play hilarity of a good TF2 server. As an experimental sounding board of games-as-a-service ideas, the current TF2 is weird and baggy. As a game about nine idiot characters competing over patches of gravel, TF2 remains a triumph. Evan Lahti: And playing it today is also a reminder of what we've lost as a result of the genre moving almost entirely to skill-based matchmaking systems. TF2 servers are playful spaces with their own special history. They're self-regulated digital bars with regulars, referees, traditions, and unique preferences. When's the last time you shared a rivalry with another player over a series of weeks? 99. Hearthstone Released 2014 | Last position 90 (Image credit: Blizzard) Tim Clark: Your view on the current state of Hearthstone depends on how you feel about three things. 1) The release of the game's first ever new class: Demon Hunter. 2) How much you like super high variance cards like Dragonqueen Alexstraza and Puzzle Box of Yogg-Saron. 3) Whether you play the Battlegrounds mode. Despite multiple nerfs to its core card pool, I think Demon Hunter has been a success and helped refreshed Standard. I'm less convinced those splashy swing cards are good for the health of the game. And Battlegrounds is an almost unreserved success, providing a welcome distraction when the Standard ladder looks grim. For the first time in its life, Hearthstone also faces very real competition in the form of Runeterra and Magic: The Gathering Arena. Is this the golden age of CCGs on PC? Robin Valentine: This was the game that sparked the most argument for us on the team this year. I think for such a seemingly inoffensive game, it’s actually become incredibly polarising. Tim’s obviously still all-in, but