 too. Check Amazon (Image credit: Credit: Dinosaur Polo Club & Radial Games Corp) 12. Mini Metro A good city needs an effective subway system, and in Mini Metro, it’s your job to plot the routes between an ever growing number of stations. Each stage is based on a real-life city, simplified into a couple of landmarks like rivers and different available train types. You'll need to link every station to your network, either to an existing line or a new one, making sure you have enough trains and carriages to handle the demand, as well as keeping an eye on extra resources like bridges and tunnels, which you'll only get more of at the end of each in-game week. Every time you open a new line, it adds a new instrument to the procedurally generated soundtrack, the rhythm determined by the speed and length of the line. It's a fun way to illustrate the complexity of the rail system you're building without needing any additional graphics, which also makes the game enjoyably hypnotic. The game comes with a handful of modes, including an unlimited mode, so your experience can be as hectic or relaxing as you like. It’s definitely not a detailed simulation, but watching your rectangular trains take polygonal passengers up and down the track, expanding the map and appreciating your network's unique melody will satisfy all kinds of players. (Image credit: Sony Computer Entertainment) 13. Horizon: Zero Dawn Complete Edition In the distant future, Earth has been taken over by animal-like machines, with humanity forced back to a pre-industrial way of living, scared of the technology that drove them there. The brave and curious Aloy is a part of this society. Her strange connection to the machines makes her an outcast, but also drives her to explore this world and understand the importance of her place in the world. Taking control of her survival and hunting abilities, you’ll travel a world full of dangerous metal creatures and unfriendly humans from other tribes. Some you'll be able to tame or even ride, but others are like miniature boss battles every time you encounter them. You'll need to make use of your entire arsenal of slings, bows and spears to take on larger enemies or groups, either setting a careful network of traps or slowly picking off your foes with silent, well aimed arrows There's a great story to follow as you do this too. Learning how the current world came to be, and how familiar landscapes and items are recontextualized in this time is fun on its own, while the story of Aloy and her friends as they fight against a machine-worshipping cult that seeks to enact a destructive plan, helps ground it with meaningful stakes. Prime $27.50 View at Amazon $39.99 View at Amazon 163 Amazon customer reviews ????? (Image credit: Klei Entertainment) 14. Invisible Inc. This stealth strategy roguelike starts you very much on the back foot. Your private spy agency has been compromised by the very