 these days me and Steven find it actively depressing to play. For me, that’s down to a combination of issues with the business model around expansions—it just seems absolutely impossible to keep up and maintain a decent card collection—but also the game itself, which I don’t think has ever really found a good groove when it comes to in-game balance. For me, it still has the same problem it’s always had - decks are so swingy that while it can be fun to win, it’s almost always incredibly frustrating to lose. I even had the same issue when I came back to try Battlegrounds. For me, I’ve moved on to Legends of Runeterra—you’ll find me singing that game’s praises further down the list. 98. Sayonara Wild Hearts Released 2019 | Last position New entry (Image credit: Simogo) Jacob Ridley: Sayonara Wild Hearts straddles the space between a techno-pop album and rhythm-action videogame. A belter of a soundtrack acts as a heartbeat to the game's meandering levels, and helps to direct you between the many obstacles in your way as you traverse psychedelic forests and high-speed city pursuits—oftentimes following a group of neon-clad bikers or theatre thugs that speak only through the medium of dance. But beyond its 23 action-packed levels, there's a sense of progression that's far more personal. The game's protagonist starts out her journey by tumbling into an interdimensional highway following a traumatic life event. But it's not long before your masked alter ego is confident, collected, and ready to reshape her world. Sayonara Wild Hearts is just as much a message of self-love as it is an action-rhythm game with a soundtrack that absolutely slaps. It takes roughly only an hour and a half for a single playthrough, yet like any good playlist you'll be wanting to come back again and again. If not for the achievement of reaching gold rank in every level, just to breathe in the audio-visual experience. There are few others that are so wholly engrossing as Sayonara Wild Hearts with as little screen time, and I wholly recommend you try it out. 97. Metro Exodus Released 2019 | Last position New entry (Image credit: 4A Games) Andy Kelly: It’s an amazing and strange feeling leaving the claustrophobic gloom of Moscow behind and exploring the wider world in a Metro game. Exodus is a post-apocalyptic road trip that massively broadens the scope of the normally tunnel-based series. It’s still the same game deep down, mixing scrappy, violent first-person combat with exploration and light survival elements. But dramatic changes of scenery and bigger, more open maps, including a vast desert region, give the series a new lease of life. It also has a lot of heart; particularly aboard the Aurora, the train that’s ferrying you and your friends across the wasteland. Here things get slower and quieter, letting you get to know your travelling companions, and yourself, as you search for a better life in a shattered world. 96. SuperHot VR Released 2017 |