 megacorporations you get paid to infiltrate, and now you have just 72 hours to regroup and begin a final last-ditch mission to preserve the life of your AI companion, Incognita, who is your only defence against total defeat. Armed with various tools, you control a pair of agents on assignments to gather resources and allies, with each location and its goals being randomly generated. There's only a limited number of turns you can spend on each mission before security becomes too tight, so you’ll spend a long time agonising over who to take on a mission, as well as each move you make. This is a game where your mistakes stick, no matter how terrible the outcome, and even if you play perfectly, your successes, whether it's knocking out a guard or an entire security system, are temporary. This is a high stakes puzzle that always has a fresh experience for you every time you play. Check Amazon (Image credit: Sony Computer Entertainment) 15. Bloodborne Combining both fantasy and horror in an action-adventure role-playing game, Bloodborne takes you on an unforgettable expedition throughout the ancient city of Yharnam. You select your own origin story and shape characters through stats and in-game decisions, but you'll always find yourself armed with a transforming "trick weapon" and faced with abominations that either used to be human or is something so alien you can barely comprehend it. As the game progresses, you'll uncover dark secrets and fight to survive while you explore Yharnam's cursed streets. Cinematic visuals ensure you enjoy every visceral detail in this gothic environment, while Bloodborne's challenging gameplay puts your wits, strategy and reflexes to the test. You can't take many hits, and death means you drop all your currency, so dodging and parrying is the order of the day. Alongside the story, there's the optional online mode that allows you to invade or be invaded by enemy players. Or you can try out the randomly-generated Chalice Dungeons, which blend enemies old and new into twisted labyrinths full of unique rewards. Prime $13.59 View at Amazon Prime $15.73 View at Amazon $24.11 View at Walmart 447 Amazon customer reviews ????? (Image credit: Sony Computer Entertainment) 16. Journey Critically acclaimed for its stunning visuals and musical score, Journey lets players explore an ancient and mysterious world. The game puts you into the place of a robed traveller, looking for a way up to the peak of a mountain. You don't know why you're going there, but you're left with no doubt that it's what you must do. Whether it's with a CPU companion or a real life player, you'll travel towards the summit without a word, communicating only in charming musical tones. The actual mechanics are like a platforming game, requiring you to jump and slide through environments, helped by your companion and enchanted pieces of fabric that respond to your songs, helping you reach new areas. The story and world is shown to you with little direct explanation and no spoken