 dialogue, forcing you to interpret the game's storyline on your own. It sounds quirky, but Journey provides innovative and immersive gameplay that will get you hooked, and leave you with a strong impression that will last for a long time afterwards. $39.99 View at Walmart Prime $59.99 View at Amazon Prime $59.99 View at Amazon 899 Amazon customer reviews ????? (Image credit: Finji) 17. Night in the Woods If adventure is something you seek, Night in the Woods is a unique exploration game that may pique your interests with its dark humor and contemporary story. You play as Mae Borowski, a snarky college dropout who also happens to be a cat. Mae's just returned to her hometown, Possum Springs, which has fallen upon hard time since the local mines were shut down. Reuniting with your friends, you gradually begin to adapt back to your old life as Fall rolls in. And then stuff starts to get weird. Gameplay-wise, you'll be running, jumping and use a few different supernatural powers to voyage into Mae's past and present life in the town. You have some control over the game's outcomes with your choices too, the friends you spend more time with revealing more of their secrets to you, which means you have a good reason to replay the game when you're done. It has a cute visual style, but this will lull you into thinking that the content of this story is anything but the unflinching look at modern life for young people. Use a PS4 VPN to stream extra content and avoid network throttling $19.99 View at Amazon 17 Amazon customer reviews ????? How to choose the best cheap PS4 games for you All of these games are well regarded by critics, but not every title here will be right for you. When considering a purchase, go by genre, not just reviews. Check what kind of game mechanics, play modes and other features these games have, and you will have a better idea of what you're in for, whether you're searching for a new game in a familiar genre or want to try out something entirely different. If you're still not sure, look for demos. Some of these games have limited free versions if you search the PlayStation Store. Download these and you can then try out the game hands-on to see if it's worth your time and money. Now while these games are indeed cheap, they can get cheaper. The prices of these games drop several times a year for various events, so if you're willing to be patient, waiting for one of these sales will let you get even more for your money. The most relaxing video games to play and chill out with Looking for ultimate gaming power? Best Gaming PCs The best VR headsets if you want to try gaming in virtual reality Topics Gaming See all comments (1) 1 Comment Comment from the forums ashleydent 25 April 2020 07:19 I like Nioh 2 it is one