 few character creators are more in-depth. You can direct your characters how you want (mostly), and shape their surrounding environment how you please (mostly). And in a marked improvement over previous entries—one that further captures the whims of real life—your Sims can both multitask and feel emotion. A Good Match For: Wannabe gods. Not A Good Match For: Impatient players: The Sims 4 is slow-moving, but once you get in the groove, it’s near-impossible to put down. Read our review. Watch it in action. Study our tips for the game. Purchase from: EA | Amazon | Green Man Gaming | Best Buy Screenshot: CD Projekt Red The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt There’s no shortage of ambition in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Geralt of Rivia’s latest adventure is massive, a world you can get lost in for hours and still have plenty to do. There’s a ton for die-hard Witcher fans to enjoy, but you don’t need to have played a Witcher game to enjoy the heck out of this one. While many games these days have sprawling landscapes, The Witcher 3 is utterly dense. Every nook and cranny is filled with memorable characters, clever writing, and rewards for curious players. The main story is as thrilling as it is emotionally draining, and the side quests are actually worth doing. Since its release in 2015, The Witcher 3 has gotten a ton of free updates and improvements along with two terrific paid expansions, Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine. The full experience is now even bigger, richer, and better than ever. A Good Match For: Open-world fans, especially those who enjoyed Skyrim but were disappointed by the combat. In The Witcher 3, fighting is nearly as enjoyable as exploration. Not a Good Match For: People who value their time and social life, anyone who wants a game they can finish in a handful of hours. Read our review. Watch it in action. Study our tips for the game, and catch up on The Witcher lore. Purchase From: Steam | GOG | Amazon | Wal-Mart | Best Buy | Gamestop Screenshot: 2K Games Civilization VI In the six years since Civilization V came out, we managed to review it not once but twice. That’s how much these games lend themselves to playing and replaying, and Civ VI is no different. The latest entry adds a lot of new ideas to the Firaxis’s tried-and-true formula, and while some new ideas work better than others, the whole is as usual more than the sum of its parts. The mechanical tweaks and refinements are wrapped up in a subtle, board-game-like aesthetic that is as pleasing on your twentieth hour as it was on your tenth. We’ll be playing this game for years. A Good Match For: Civ fans, people who have never played a Civ game, basically anyone who doesn’t actively hate Civ. Not A Good Match For: Anyone who actively hates Civ. Read our review. Watch it in action. Study our tips