 Best new mobile games for 2019
Featured stories
Popular stories
Hot phones
Apple iPhone 12 Pro
Apple iPhone 12 mini
Google Pixel 5
Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra
Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max
OnePlus Nord
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 2
Samsung Galaxy Note 20
Google Pixel 4a 5G
Apple iPhone 12
Motorola razr (2020)
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5G
2019 was a pretty awesome year for smartphone fans. Both in terms of hardware — we got some pretty amazing devices — and in software, with many new apps and cool games becoming available for both iOS and Android. We went out and gathered 10 of the best, must-check-out games that came out this past year. Here we go: Call of Duty Mobile Download: Android | iOS The biggest gaming franchise to make the jump from console to smartphone — Call of Duty is finally available for handsets! You probably know that — it quickly became the most downloaded game on smartphones. Yeah, playing an FPS with touch controls is far from ideal. But developer Tencent obviously spent a lot of time to try and simulate the smooth and precise gunplay that Call of Duty is known for. And somewhat made it. We can play all of the popular modes that were added through the years — from classic Team Deathmatch to the Zombies survival mode, or the more obscure One Shot One Kill. And it's all on the all-time popular maps, so any franchize veteran can jump in and feel right at home. Brawl Stars Download: Android | iOS It seems the guys over at Supercell have a pretty good idea of how to make a mobile game that goes viral. They made Clash of Clans... and now they made Brawl Stars. It's a top-down team-based shooter, which can get pretty tactical and competitive. There are a ton of characters and upgrades to grind for (or unlock with in-app purchases) and the game's popularity ensures that you will always find a match. Sky: Children of the Light Download: Android (Play beta here) | iOS This game is a chill, almost meditative platformer, where you control an angel-like creature on an adventure to find some fallen stars. There's a multiplayer element, too, though the other players are only in your game as "shadows". It helps to add a sense of connection and comradery to the atmosphere of the game. You can greet other players and "connect" by sharing a candle, but there isn't much PvP or PvE to be done in this game. It's just a relaxing journey. Dota Underlords / Auto Chess Underlords: Android | iOS Auto Chess: Android | iOS Auto Chess has been an unexpected hit in 2019. It started out as a mod for DOTA 2, then moved on to being its own thing as a separate mobile and PC game. Valve also noticed that the mod is super-popular, so it launched its own version of Auto Chess — that's DOTA Underlords. In any case, both titles are very similar. Their gameplay is an addicting mix between turn-based strategy, resource management, and tower