 defense. One has to try it to fully grasp it. Thankfully, both games are free to play! Armajet Download: Android | iOS Armajet is a cool, side-scrolling platformer / shooter / team deathmatch game. To put it simply — 4v4 matches where lots of things go boom. It's cross-platform and available for consoles, PC, mac, and — of course — mobile. The matches usually last 3 minutes, so it's perfect for that mobile "I have a few minutes to burn" gaming style. There are a lot of guns to unlock and you can either grind for them or pay with real money to unlock. Grimvalor (iOS release was 2018) Download: Android | iOS Grimvalor is a hotly-anticipated side-scrolling slasher adventure. It's kind of a Souls-like take for mobile — the enemies do a ton of damage and it's easy to get swarmed. The combat is very dodge-dependent, and there are altars where you can "rest" to heal and level up. Yes, if you stop to rest, all the enemies respawn. If you are on Android, you can play the first act for free, with a purchase to unlock the rest of the game. Oddmar (iOS release was 2018) Download: Android | iOS A quirky platformer where you control Oddmar the dwarf through an epic adventure of... mostly collecting coins. This one feels like it drew some inspiration from Super Mario in all the good ways. You've got a lot of obstacles to jump over, fall through, or bounce off of, you've got plenty of enemies which you defeat by stepping on them. The level design is solid and the animations are smooth, fun, and quirky. Archero Download: Android | iOS This is a top-down shooter and a rogue lite. You raid dungeons over and over again and every time you fail, you come home with the gold, experience, and items to help you progress to the harder levels. The gameplay is simple — you use the virtual joystick to move your hero. As soon as you stop moving, the character will auto-fire at the closest enemy. It may sound silly, but just wait until you get in a higher level bullet hell and you start thinking forward about character positioning and projectile speeds. MU Origin 2 Download: Android | iOS A dungeon-crawling loot-em-up that looks like it drew a lot of inspiration from Diablo III but also has some sprinkles of bigger MMORPGs in there. For example -- you can ride a mount as you traverse the rather enormous world of MU. You can team up with others or even join guilds to go on raids together. Or you can join the arena for 4v4 team fights or 1v1 deathmatches. The game is free to play, so there's some obnoxious in-game monetisation. For example, paying users can literally buy experience points, which is basically half the RPG game experience. So, maybe it'll be a good idea to stay away from PvP and just try the quests first. Stardew Valley Download: