 Android | iOS Stardew Valley is a... farming simulator, which became a surprise viral hit. Don't let the friendly pixel art style — there's tons of depth to this game and running a successful farm is actually tough work. There's also a multiplayer element where a lot of people like to hang out. Yeah, you can fish together. Take that, Fortnite!
12 of the best MMO games for iOS and Android (2020)
Featured stories
Popular stories
Hot phones
Apple iPhone 12 Pro
Apple iPhone 12 mini
Google Pixel 5
Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra
Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max
OnePlus Nord
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 2
Samsung Galaxy Note 20
Google Pixel 4a 5G
Apple iPhone 12
Motorola razr (2020)
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5G
Good MMO games for mobile devices have become increasingly sought after over the last few years. A big reason for this popularity spike is the fact that nowadays, developers can create large and immersive console-like games, due to the advanced hardware present in modern phones and tablets. Thus, most of us can enjoy such games, as all you need is the phone in your pocket. Not sure what "MMO" games are? Well, let us explain. MMO is an acronym for "Massively Multiplayer Online". As such, MMO games always put you in an environment where you can interact with many other players. You can gather up in parties and guilds, go raid a dungeon, complete quests, slay bosses, or face off against other players in glorious PvP (Player vs Player) combat. Sounds good? If yes, feel free to check out our recommendations below. This list contains the finest MMO games currently available for iPhone and iPad (iOS), as well as Android phones and tablets! Rangers of Oblivion Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS Fans of the Monster Hunter series will be happy to know that a solid alternative for mobile exists, and its name is Rangers of Oblivion. Team up with other players or choose to face the hundreds of beasts and monsters out there alone, in this epic MMO RPG. The game features real-time combat and a large world full of treasures and activities, as well as over 10 unique game modes. Master 6 unique weapon types: Greatsword, Lance, Longbow, Twin Blades, Staff, and Armored Gauntlets. Hunt, slay, and loot monsters to forge stronger equipment and take down tougher and tougher foes. Evil Lands Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS Evil Lands is a fantasy MMO RPG with surroundings that resemble those seen in The Elder Scrolls games, namely Oblivion and Skyrim. Aside from the pleasant visuals and music, and the variety of medieval-themed maps, players can enjoy a cooperative mode and a PvP combat mode. After you choose what kind of a hero you wish to be – a warrior, sorceress or assassin, you immediately start playing without having to sit through lengthy tutorials, as the controls are standard and intuitive. Explore the magical environments and dungeon-like forests where monsters lurk, in order to collect loot and upgrade. World of Kings Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android