 | iOS There may not be World of Warcraft for mobile, but World of Kings is a fantastic alternative. Thanks to its massive open world with epic dungeons, and support for up to 25 players fighting together against a variety of powerful enemies, this is a highly addictive MMO RPG. The game features thorough RPG elements and pleasant graphics, intuitive mobile-friendly controls and a wide variety of races and classes, even pets. Arcane Legends Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS Arcane Legends has been around for a while, yet still has an active and loyal community of players. This fantasy action MMO RPG offers dungeon-crawling adventures, epic bosses, lots of loot to be found, and allows players to join guilds. You can also collect and grow your own in-game pets, play PvP against other gamers, or play together in co-op mode. Arcane Legends is also among the easier games to run on this list, meaning you should be able to enjoy it even on a low-end budget tablet. Ragnarok M: Eternal Love Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS Ragnarok M is a heavily stylized anime MMO RPG based on the 2002 Ragnarok Online game. It features plenty of classes to choose from, and a well-rounded RPG gameplay that's also fairly friendly to new players. Fans of classic RPG games will be particularly happy with how Ragnarok M looks and plays. Lineage 2: Revolution Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS Based on the PC MMO Lineage 2, the sheer scale of this title truly makes it stand out. Its open-world combat mode allows for up to 200 players to fight in real-time, while there are also 20 vs 20 and 50 vs 50 competitive gaming modes. Players can also gather large parties to raid bosses, while exploring the huge world. If you're playing with your friends or find anyone that you like online, you can create clans and guilds too, in order to make grouping and raiding easier. You can pick from several different character classes and races, such as Human, Elf, and Dwarf. This game is also powered by Unreal Engine 4, so if you love pretty visuals, you won't be disappointed. AdventureQuest 3D Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS If you're looking for an MMO RPG that you can enjoy with all of your friends, then definitely give AdventureQuest 3D a try. This game offers cross-platform support between Android, iOS, and PC, meaning that you can team up with anyone, even if they're using a phone, tablet or computer. Funnily enough, AdventureQuest 3D actually started out as a 2D Flash web game, but this new take on the classic title reimagines it in 3D. The graphics remind us a bit of World of Warcraft, but with a cartoonish tilt. The title features everything you'd expect to find in a proper MMO - quests, raids, social features and PvP battles. Old School RuneScape Price: Free (with paid subscription options) Download: Android |