 iOS This wouldn't be a proper MMO game selection without us mentioning RuneScape. The old-schoolversion of this all-time classic has now been made available on Android and iOS. What's even better is the fact that you can play cross-platform. Whether you play on mobile or desktop, you’ll be playing on the same account, and the same game worlds. As is the trend with most mobile titles, RuneScape is a free-to-play game, but there's also a subscription plan that nets you a bigger world map, eight extra skills, more quests, and other bells and whistles not available in the free tier. Order & Chaos 2 Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS Gameloft's Order & Chaos series are some of the most popular MMO games on the two mobile platforms, and for a good reason. The first game has served as an example of how great mobile MMOs can be, and its successor manages to take everything the first one did well, and build on top of it. This game features an extremely large and immersive world, fantastic graphics, 5 races and 5 different classes to choose from, and all the necessities for a full fantasy MMO experience. If you're going to try out only a single MMO on mobile, Order & Chaos 2 is definitely worth your consideration. Dungeon Hunter 5 Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS The Dungeon Hunter franchise is quite beloved in the mobile gaming world. However, in case you haven't heard of it, let us introduce you to one of the most popular hack'n'slash titles to ever land on smartphones. Dungeon Hunter 5 is not an MMO game in the classic sense of the term. Instead, it relies on co-op and asynchronous multiplayer, akin to other mobile titles such as Clash of Clans. During the single player campaign, you acquire different assets to place in your own dungeon for other players to raid. Your dungeon also includes an AI-controlled version of your own character, so if you've developed your base and character well enough, you might just fend off other players and protect your gold. Other than that, the Dungeon Hunger 5 plays a lot like a classic hack'n'slash, with polished graphics and pretty entertaining gameplay mechanics. Toram Online Price: Free (with IAP) Download: Android | iOS If you're into anime, Toram Online will definitely appeal. The different art style is far from the only thing that sets this game apart from the typical mobile MMO, though. First off, we have to say that Toram Online offers an incredible amount of customization options, so if you're the type of person that loves to have a unique character, you'll definitely appreciate all the cosmetic stuff crammed into this title. The flexibility of Toram Online doesn't end there - the game features a classless system where you can create your own custom build and style of play, by combining different skills, stat attributes, and weapon types. Last but not least, the storyline is filled with