 so calming and pleasing to look at, you'll feel the stress of the day draining away from you as you play. It's a paid game, costing $5 on both platforms, but if you're appreciative of games as a form of art, The First Tree will be a valuable addition to your collection. Iron Blade: Medieval Legends RPG Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Iron Blade is a classic RPG. Your character is covered in armor head to toe and is swinging around the biggest and baddest weapons he can get his hands on, leaving countless monsters dead in the process. And while many games of that type exist for smartphones, few of them look as good as Iron Blade. The levels are vast and the change between different environments keeps the gameplay from feeling boring. As you level up, you’ll learn new skills and gain access to more powerful weapons, which you’ll need to defeat the bosses. The game also has a PvP element where you’re in charge of your own castle and have to defend it from the invasion forces of other players. It’s not all hacking and slashing in Iron Blade! Black Desert Mobile Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Last but not least, we have an MMORPG for you. Black Desert has amzing graphics with a huge emphasis on spectacular skill effects which makes battles look epic even if there’s only a handful of enemies involved. You can choose between five classes, each with a unique fighting style and skillset. You’ll have to work hard to gain the experience needed to unlock the most powerful skills and acquire quality gear since you start with almost nothing. With plenty of other players roaming around the world, you can make new friends or just partner up to complete a quest or two faster. Black Desert suffers from some of the negatives of free games, but overall, it offers plenty fo enjoy as well. It’s definitely worth a try! Best zombie survival games for Android and iOS Mar 24, 2020, 7:14 AM, by Georgi Zarkov featured featured 10 best sports games for Android and iOS in 2020 Mar 19, 2020, 10:16 AM, by Georgi Zarkov featured featured 15 best strategy games for Android and iOS Jan 15, 2020, 8:32 AM, by Georgi Zarkov featured featured Best fighting games for your iPhone or Android in 2020 Jan 13, 2020, 7:32 AM, by Preslav Kateliev
Top 10 games with BEST graphics for Android and iOS
Best zombie survival games for Android and iOS
featured 10 best sports games for Android and iOS in 2020
featured 15 best strategy games for Android and iOS
featured Best fighting games for your iPhone or Android in 2020
Featured stories
Popular stories
Hot phones
Apple iPhone 12 Pro
Apple iPhone 12 mini
Google Pixel 5
Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra
Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max
OnePlus Nord
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 2
Samsung Galaxy Note 20
Google Pixel 4a 5G
Apple iPhone 12
Motorola razr (2020)
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5G
Our strive to keep you entertained during these