 times of isolation continues and this time have a mixed bag of games for you. We haven’t picked them at random, however. All of the titles we’ll present to you today have graphics that are far above the average for mobile games and offer eye-pleasing effects on top of that. Of course, these games aren’t just eye candy, they also offer immersive environments and engaging gameplay. Excited to see what’s coming next? Let’s get right to it, then! TauCeti Technology Benchmark Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Yes, we know what you're thinking: "Is that even a game?" And technically, it is. Sure, not a long one, but there is some gameplay involved. Mostly, it's meant to highlight what visuals can be achieved on smartphones today but since we're talking about high-graphics games, we decided to throw it in the mix. This is a first-person shooter and the graphics and effects are truly impressive. It won't keep you busy for long, but if you want to see how your phone will handle heavy 3D games, TauCeti is definitely a good choice to make your device sweat. As the name suggests, there are also a couple of benchmarks you can run as well. Call of Duty: Mobile Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Do we even need to describe Call of Duty? It’s the most popular first-person franchise in the world and as soon as the game was released for mobile devices, it was a success. The realistic graphics are a big part of it, but credit must be given to the game’s features as well. Multiple game modes to choose from, each with a unique twist on the familiar gameplay. From weapons and loadouts you can customize to unlocking achievements, there’s plenty to like about Call of Duty: Mobile. If you haven’t joined the millions of players already, now’s the best time to do so! Asphalt 9: Legends Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Asphalt 9 is another super-popular game and with good reason. The graphics are so good you start wondering how smartphones can be so powerful these days. Sure, the actual driving is far from realistic, your car spends more time flipping through the air than actually using its tires and the steering is pretty much automatic, but it’s all in the name of entertainment. And this game delivers on that front as well. Exoctic hyper cars, detailed maps, challenging opponents, it has it all. Endless Nightmare Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store If you're the type of person that likes to be scared and enjoys watching horror movies, Endless Nightmare is here to provide some creepiness to your day. You have to explore your own home to find out the truth about the horrible event that transpired in it. The game's graphics will help you immerse yourself in the spooky environment and hopefully contribute towards better scares throughout your adventure. That's