 what it's all about, right? The Gardens Between Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Puzzle games aren't usually known for their amazing graphics but The Gardens Between is an exception. The level design of this game is exceptional and just a joy to look at. The puzzles themselves are quite clever as well, so you'll enjoy the challenge while also enjoying the visuals. It should be noted that the game costs $4.99 on both Android and iOS, but at least that way you know your gameplay won't be interrupted by ads every two minutes and you can focus on solving the puzzles. Mindcell Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Mindcell is a not a very popular game but it deserves to be on this list. In this futuristic third-person shooter, you have to fight your way to your freedom, otherwise you'll become an experimental test subject and that's something that doesn't promise a good outcome. The levels you'll go through are diverse and detailed, pretty close to those of a console title. You'll encounter a wide range of enemies and bosses while looking for your escape, so be prepared for some high-paced action. The game costs $1 on iOS and $5 on Android, which might stop someone from trying it out, but if you're eager to experience something new, go for it! ARK: Survival Evolved Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store ARK is a game with an amazing open world where dinosaurs roam free and you begin your journey scraping for food and clothes, trying your best to stay alive. As you become more experienced, however, you’ll find yourself the master of these same dinosaurs and owner of a base you’ve designed and built yourself. You don’t have to do everything alone, however, you can always find likeminded people and join a tribe. Together, you can go on adventures in the beautifully crafted environment, where plenty of secrets are waiting to be discovered. The First Tree Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store The First Tree is a very unique game. It's all about relaxation and enjoyment. There are no enemies to fight, no ways to die and nothing that can scare or upset you. It's basically a fairy tale you get to participate in. As a fox. But you can also look at it as a form of interactive meditation, as the levels are so calming and pleasing to look at, you'll feel the stress of the day draining away from you as you play. It's a paid game, costing $5 on both platforms, but if you're appreciative of games as a form of art, The First Tree will be a valuable addition to your collection. Iron Blade: Medieval Legends RPG Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Iron Blade is a classic RPG. Your character is covered in armor head to toe and is swinging around the biggest and baddest