 moments of the year as a spectator. No other competitive game has such a fascinating sense of visual energy, or such clear mechanical drama. It absolutely slaps, is what I'm saying. Play it, watch it, pretend to be 13 again. [Buy now] 1. Spider-Man (Insomniac Games, PS4) [#video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/b5-_MvCWSfI
2018 was a conservative year in videogames. There were some gems, and a few exceptionally innovative titles in the indie scene, but nothing earth-shattering happened. No paradigms shifted this year. Expectations were rarely, if ever, subverted. Spider-Man likely wouldn't have made the top of a list like this in a bigger, stranger year. It's a conservative title, a triple-A open-world game in a world full of them. But don't let that fool you: even if Spider-Man is a game well suited to a quiet year, it's still an excellent game. It's pure comfort food in a year where even the best stuff rarely provoked that warm, happy feeling. Insomniac Games has crafted a title that adores its source material, that shapes its entire form around celebrating it. Spider-Man loves Spider-Man, and Spider-Man is a welcome, fun, bright presence in 2018. This is a quintessential Peter Parker adventure, perfectly translated into game form, and my impression of it has only grown more fond with time. One of my big litmus tests for games is if I find myself going back to it after I'm done covering it for work, and this was one of the few this year to pass. If you have a PlayStation 4, you owe it to yourself to check this one out. [Original review; buy now] More Great WIRED Stories Alexa grew up this year, mostly because we talked to it 8 sci-fi writers imagine the bold and new future of work The mad scramble for the world's most coveted meteorite Galileo, krypton, and how the true meter came to be Everything you want to know about the promise of 5G ? Looking for the latest gadgets? Check out our picks, gift guides, and best deals all year round ? Get even more of our inside scoops with our weekly Backchannel newsletter