 Best free Android games (2020)
Featured stories
Popular stories
Hot phones
Apple iPhone 12 Pro
Apple iPhone 12 mini
Google Pixel 5
Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra
Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max
OnePlus Nord
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 2
Samsung Galaxy Note 20
Google Pixel 4a 5G
Apple iPhone 12
Motorola razr (2020)
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5G
Smartphones are the pocket computers that we used to dream of back in the 90s and early 00s. Not only are they great for browsing the Internet, chatting, and emailing on the go, but they can run a game pretty well on their own. And games there are! Tons and tons of titles come out for both iOS and Android every day. Some are paid, but a lot are free. And, with that many games that don't need your cash up front, how can you resist? But, as we mentioned — there are tons of those. Just the thought of sifting through them to find the best free Android games is daunting. So, we did it for you. We came up with a list of 40 free games for Android that are relatively new and you probably missed some of them. Of course, these 20 probably don't deplete the full list of "best" free Android games you can try. If a cool, free game comes to mind while you are reading our list — feel free to share it in the comments for other readers to enjoy! The best free Android games Call of Duty: Mobile Download Easily one of the most prominent FPS franchises in the last decade, Call of Duty is synonymous with fast-paced action, extremely smooth gunplay, and non-stop shooting. Naturally, the game made a huge splash when it landed on mobile, and it quickly became one of the most downloaded titles... ever. While playing FPS on a phone is still a bit... clunky, the game does its best to carry over the smooth aiming and fluid controls that console Call of Duty titles are known for. You get to play on all of the most popular deathmatch maps, a ton of modes, even including battle royale and zombie mode, and all of the iconic weapons plus their customization that the series is known for. Armajet Download A 2D team-based PvP shooter / platformer. Armajet has you controlling a futuristic soldier with a backpack, shield, and an arsenal of weapons to pick from. It's very easy to get into, kind of hard to master, and a blast to play. Rounds last around 3 minutes each, so it doesn't take much time to jump in and out of game whenever you have some time. It's also cross-platform and your character's progression and unlocks carry over from PC to smartphone. This makes it one of the best free Android games that support cross-platform progression. Vainglory Download Still the most popular MOBA for mobile, built from the ground up to be played on a touchscreen device. You have two control schemes to pick from — tap based, which works on larger screens better; or virtual controller-like for comfort