 and accuracy on smaller displays. A ton of characters wait for you to either carry or support your team to victory with. Don't expect an easy time — Vainglory is actually an eSport game, so competitiveness runs in its... well, veins. Dead by Daylight Download No joke, this console game was ported for mobile, both Android and iOS. Here's the premise — it's an assymetrical multiplayer game, where 4 survivors try to escape the clutches of one monster-like killer. You can't really fight the killer, you need to dodge, juke, and — at best — stun them, if you wish to survive. Unlock the exits and escape before they get their hands on you. It's a great party game, or you can just drop in solo and play as the killer, chasing down your poor victims. Dota Underlords Download An interesting new style of game developed this year — Auto Chess. It started off as a DOTA mod, then spun off into its own original game. Now, Valve took the Auto Chess idea and made an official DOTA-world game out of it. And it's a blast, even though other games have Basically, you need to choose your "chesspieces" (DOTA heroes) out of a pool and place them on the board in a way that helps them complement each other. Once that's done, the match starts. This is where the "auto" comes from — the characters fight on their own and behave differently, depending on their individual skills and characteristics. So, the strategy in this game comes from arranging your battle lines, then sitting back and watching them demolishing the enemy... or getting demolished. Brawl Stars Download A free to play PvP shooter that became instantly popular upon release. Brawl Stars features tons of characters and weapons for you to unlock (*ahem* or pay for) and a lot of competitive fun to be had. It's a team deathmatch, top-down shooter with various game modes with different objectives. It's built for short, octane-fueled matches, appropriate for the way we game on phones. Another Eden Download A classic jRPG with the proper epic story and amazing animation, which took the world by storm when it landed on the app stores. It's a story that spans across past, present, and future, and a huge homage to the popular Chronotrigger (made by the same people, too). So, if that rings a bell, you know you want to download this. The game offers about 30-40 of hours playing through the campaign. It's monetized through in-app purchases to get a chance at unlocking new heroes to use. War of the Visions: Final Fantasy Brave Exvius Download Now that name is a mouthful! The game is a spinoff of previously-released Final Fantasy Brave Exvius. It's a tactical RPG with a turn-based battle system. You can play through a single player story or do it in co-op with friend. Or hey, you can even jump in for some PvP matches! The game will also feature an all-star cast from