 past Final Fantasy titles, just for those extra fan jitters. Oceanhorn Download An action RPG adventure, which is clearly inspired by The Legend of Zelda series. Now, Oceanhorn is not exactly free — you can download it and play through the first chapter at no charge. If you like it, you can unlock the full game with a one-time $7 in-app purchase. Shadowgun Legends Download A looter shooter set in the world of Shadowgun. It offers nice graphics with smooth animations. We do recommend a controller as playing such a game on touchscreen takes away some of the experience (and also turns it into an auto-shooter). There are some Destiny vibes here, but very little — we certainly wouldn't call it a ripoff, but if you did enjoy grinding on Destiny, you might also have fun with Shadowgun when the situation calls for smartphone gaming. Shadowgun War Games Download Throwing its franchize in another sub-genre, Madfinger Games made a hero-based shooter. Shadowgun War Games feels a bit like Overwatch, but with the very clear look, feel, and aesthetic of the Shadowgun series. It offers quick team-based matches with a plethora of heroes to pick from, each with their unique skills, guns, and playstyle. Alto's Odyssey Download A very simple game, which is praised for its strangely satisfying animations and zen-like experience. It's basically an autorun platformer — you tap the screen to jump over obstacles and collect coins for a high score, that's pretty much it. Still, the Alto games are an addictive mobile experience that'll help you burn the idle minutes of the day with a dose of nice visuals and a hypnotizing soundtrack. Command & Conquer: Rivals Download C&C: Rivals is a strategy game developed specifically for mobile. As an entry to the C&C series it does, in fact, carry a lot of the DNA, which makes classic Command & Conquer gameplay what it is. Rock-paper-scissors mechanics between unit composition, unit micromanagement, and heightened awareness are required to win a match against an evenly skilled foe. The games are quick and action-packed, letting you play a single round in about 5 minutes. Critical Ops Download C-Ops is probably the closest you can get to playing CS:GO on mobile. The game has clearly been designed to resemble the aesthetic, gameplay, modes, and feel of good ol' Counter-Strike. And this has won it a ton of fans worldwide — you won't have any trouble finding matches on this one. Star Combat Online Download A starfighter PvP game, which tales you straight into a furball fight as soon as you finish the tutorial. It's an auto-shooter, meaning your ship will fire automatically as long as you keep it locked on to an enemy. But worry not, this doesn't take away from the excitement of trying to avoid fire from other players while also navigating a field of deadly debris. It's a deathmatch game that's easy to jump in and get some action out of. There's a progression system and in-field healing