 items, which may cost you some money... freemium model, what can we say. Sky Force Reloaded Download A top-down shooter obviously inspired by the good old arcade games. You control your plane, dodging impossible amounts of on-screen projectiles by swiping your finger across the display. You airplane will automatically fire at all times, which may sound lame, but if you think about it — when we played those arcades back in the day, we newer stopped pumping the fire button. In this modern day and age, we let the Android game do the zombie-like button mashing. Data Wing Download A kind of racing game where you battle with the clock and the track's obstacles most of the time. None the less, it's addictive and its story is good enough to keep you hooked for at least one playthrough. Its gameplay is the perfect mix of "easy to learn, hard to master" and there are a lot of replays to be had if you want to grab the top score on every track. Xenoraid Download A pretty awesome arcade spaceship shooter. You go in battle with 4 different fighters, each of them can be outfitted with their own unique weapon and bomb combination. It supports a Bluetooth controller and we recommend you try this game with one to enjoy it fully. Now, it's not 100% free. You can play through the full first episode at no charge, but if you want the full game, you will have to drop $10 on it. One time payment, no shenanigans. Dere Evil Exe Download This game starts out as a straightforward, but engaging platformer with simple controls and tough obstacles. Then, it blasts you to a "dark side" of the game in order to kickstart its storyline. You will be weaving in and out between cheerful platforming and devilish environments, trying to figure out where the narrative is leading you. It's a short play, so it's won't take up too much of your time, and a fun game to go through! Space Marshals 2 Download A top-down tactical action with great animations and a teeth-grinding difficulty. Stealth is not only a viable approach — it's recommended that you stick to it for as long as you can! You've got a rich arsenal of weapons to pick from, from dual wield pistols to assault rifles and sniper rifles, so it's not like you are defenseless when you get caught. But the focus of Space Marshals is patience and tactical assault. If that sounds like your cup of tea – have at it! Darkness Rises Download Darkness Rises is a new action RPG game that you can play on iOS and Android, and it's a treat. With graphics more reminiscent of a console game and a fast-paced gameplay, Darkness Rises will have you select through various classes of player from an earth-shattering Berserker to the magic-wielding Wizard. From then on, it's a battle against a hoard of monsters. Use your class hero's unique skills and develop