 a fighter that will be able to face tough boss battles because there will be some. Dead Island Survivors Download A top-down zombie game, which is a mix between RPG and tower defense. You've got your heroes to collect and level up and areas to clear out of zombie infestation. Of course, there will be microtransactions to speed things up a bit. It's "player choice" and all. Durango: Wild Lands Download A top-down survivor game, much like Dead Islands above. Howerer, this one features much prettier graphics and has you stranded on an island inhabited by dinasours. So, if you are sick of zombies, or think dinos are cool, this one should be more to your taste. Parallyzed Download An arcade platformer / puzzler that will test your twitch reflexes as you help two sisters traverse mystical mazes with various traps. Basically, you've got the two sisters running in a straight line. It's your job to make them jump or switch places when they need to pass color-coded energy fields. Its unique art style and setting reminds us of Badland and Limbo, both of which are great games in their own right. Shadow Fight 3 Download The third game in a series about fighting shadow figures is now... less shadowy. That's right, your character actually has colorful clothes and a face now! Shadow Fight is a very smooth fighting game, developed specifically for mobile and with touch screen in mind. So, it's much less painful to actually try and be good at it. On the contrary, a lot of people out there are addicted to their Shadow Fighting. You've got a lengthy single player story to go through, but also multiplayer duels to fight. Of course, the game is all about collecting gear and decking out your hero, either by grinding or by paying for premium chests. Cover Fire Download Just as the title says, this game has you sitting in cover... and firing at the bad dudes. It's not as boring as it sounds, though — the gun play feels pretty solid, the setting and animations are satisfying to observe, and there's an actual story to play through. PUBG Mobile Download After being copied countless of times, THE battle royale game that started this whole craze finally made it to iOS and mobile. Well... it's actually a copy of PUBG made by sub-contractor Tencent, but at least it has the original creator's stamp of approval. It plays like a pretty well-designed 3rd person shooter, with two fire buttons for each of your thumbs, making it easier to shoot and move in different situations. Standoff 2 Download Probably the best Counter Strike-like shooter for phone you can find right now. Not only is the resemblance to CS:GO uncanny, the game runs super-smooth and the touch controls have been set up in a way to make it a bit less painful to play this FPS without a controller. It's a free download and we really suggest you check it out! Beat