 15 best open world games with great graphics for Android and iOS
featured Top 10 games with BEST graphics for Android and iOS
Best zombie survival games for Android and iOS
featured 10 best sports games for Android and iOS in 2020
featured 15 best strategy games for Android and iOS
Featured stories
Popular stories
Hot phones
Apple iPhone 12 Pro
Apple iPhone 12 mini
Google Pixel 5
Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra
Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max
OnePlus Nord
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 2
Samsung Galaxy Note 20
Google Pixel 4a 5G
Apple iPhone 12
Motorola razr (2020)
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5G
We’re back at it again and this time, we’re bringing you not 10, but the 15 best open-world games! Open world games are all about freedom of movement and giving you the choice to create your own adventures in the given environment. Creating a massive digital world requires a lot of resources, however, and since we’re looking for the best games, there will be a few paid ones among them. That’s not such a bad thing, as it also gets rid of annoying ads and other practices developers use to make money out of you. But enough talking, we have many games to go through, so let’s get to it! Frostborn: Coop Survival Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Frostborn is a cool RPG that mixes a few popular genres. One one hand, you have your own character that you can customize as you see fit and train as one of three available classes. After that, there's the usual RPG element of completing missions and levelling up. But there's also a survival element in it. You have to gather resources and upgrade your base in order to successfully defend from enemies. To do that, you can partner up with other real players, where the MMO element of the game comes in. The graphics are also quite good so your whole experience will be in an environment that's nice to look at. MadOut2 BigCityOnline Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store What do you get when you combine the subreddit “a-normal-day-in-russia”, GTA and Need For Speed? Well, MadOut2 BigCityOnline is the closest thing you can get for an answer. Create a racing monster out of your favorite Lada, drive around looking to either fight or race other gopniks [??????] or just straight up shoot them, it’s all up to you. The game allows for up to 100 players on a map, so keep an eye for others looking to do the same to you. MadOut2 is hilariously entertaining thanks to the environment the developers chose to make it in and you’ll have hours of fun playing it. Off the Road Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Another game with about driving but Off the Road takes it to a whole new level. You can take control of anything from boats to trains to helicopters, including all sorts of wheeled vehicles like trucks and even harvesters! Every machine offers a different