 set of challenges and the open world is your playground. The game features realistic mud mechanics and tire pressure simulation, both are something you rarely hear about games, especially mobile ones. If you’re itching for an off-road adventure, you can’t go wrong with this game. Second Galaxy Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store With the Eve: Online mobile game still in development, Second Galaxy is your best option for space exploration. Thousands of star systems at your fingertips, spaceships from tiny to enormous, battles like you’ve only seen in Star Wars movies, Second Galaxy has it all. Sure, enjoying the beauty of space is not the same when it’s done through your phone’s display, but having a game as expansive as this in your palms is still quite impressive. If you’re a Sci-Fi geek that’s run out of TV shows to watch, Second Galaxy is here to fill that void. Tempest Pirate Action RPG Price: $7.99 on iOS, Free on Android Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store From the vastness of space, we’re going back to the vastness of Earth’s oceans. If battles with lasers and rockets are too chaotic for you, then you’d probably find the slow pace of seafaring more enjoyable. Choose your own pirating style: hire a crew, customize your ship and voyage the seas, completing missions and fighting mythical creatures in the process. Both ships and water look amazing and with such games, there’s little else that matters in terms of visuals. Steer the ship, aim the canons and plunder the bounty, all in a day’s work in Tempest Pirate Action RPG! Genshin Impact Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Genshin Impact is one of the newest and most popular RPGs. The world is vast and the graphics are reminiscent of the style of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the wild, which is a compliment. The characters are diverse and enjoyable to play with, which gives the game a ton of value in terms of replayability. What's even best is you can play with your friends across different platforms and explore this amazing world together, fighting enemies like never before. If you're a fan of these types of games, you have to try Genshin Impact! Oceanhorn Price: $7.99 on iOS, Free on Android Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Oceanhorn is an older game but that doesn't mean it's not good enough to be on this list. And what's even better is that it's now free on Android. On iOS you still have to pay $8 for it, or you can enjoy the sequel, Oceanhorn 2 on Apple Arcade. The game has cheerful, cartoony graphics and offers a wide range of environments for you to explore and search for loot while killing an enemy here and there. It might not have the most awesome visual effects but it will do the trick when you need