 Home Round-up Gaming PlayStation Xbox Nintendo The 10 best games for new gamers By Marshall Honorof, Tom's Guide Staff 18 April 2020 The best games for new gamers can help ease you in Shares Comments (0) (Image credit: Nintendo) If you suddenly find yourself stuck in your home with a lot of time on your hands, do what the rest of us have been doing: Pick up a video game. The best games for new gamers can help ease you into the world of interactive digital entertainment with no stress and only a little bit of a learning curve. Gaming may look like a daunting hobby, full of chaotic battlefields, twitch reflexes and grandiose storylines. But the truth is that many games are intuitive, accessible and even downright chill. We polled the Tom's Guide staff to see which titles they'd recommend to ease into the world of gaming. From easygoing sims to pick-up-and-play multiplayer titles, here are 10 games to pass the time, even if you've never picked up a controller before. Animal Crossing: New Horizons (Image credit: Nintendo) Even if you don’t play games, you’ve probably heard of Animal Crossing: New Horizons. Nintendo’s colorful new life simulator has taken the internet by storm, as people all over have escaped the chaos and isolation of everyday life to retreat to a vibrant getaway island that you can grow, customize and play in however you see fit. New Horizons’ accessible gameplay and relaxing pace make it the perfect game for new gamers, as you’ll spend most of your time catching creatures, planting trees, selling and buying goods and talking to fellow villagers as you watch your island turn into a thriving social hub. And with a huge online community and various multiplayer options, there are plenty of people who can help you along the way. - Mike Andronico Batman: The Telltale Series (Image credit: Athlon Games Inc.) If there’s one thing that unites us — young and old, gamers and non-gamers, pop culture aficionados and casual fans — it’s that almost all of us love Batman. From his tortured secret identity to his colorful rogues’ gallery, something about Batman speaks to us from the comic book page, the silver screen and, yes, even the video game console. In Batman: The Telltale Series, you’ll take control of both Bruce Wayne and Batman as you play through an original origin story for some of the Caped Crusader’s greatest foes, such as the Penguin, Two-Face and Catwoman. Like most Telltale games, Batman is a point-and-click adventure, meaning there’s no complex combat system. It’s all about dialogue, story choices and solving puzzles, with the occasional break for some simple button-prompt battles. - Marshall Honorof The Jackbox Party Pack (Image credit: Jackbox Games) No one ever said you had to dive into gaming all by yourself. The Jackbox Party Pack is perhaps the best multiplayer series available today, at least if your tastes skew to silly, slightly off-color party games. There are six Jackbox Party Packs