 to kill some time and would rather not play something too heavy on the senses. Six-Guns Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Six-Guns is set in a far more realistic world: that of the wild west. The game adds a twist to it, however, pushing the guns to the extreme in terms of design and capabilities, all in the name of fun. You still get to explore the world on the back of your trusty horse but you can be equipped with anything from a steam-powered chainsaw to a flamethrower. Of course, to get the coolest ones you’ll need to put in the effort but that doesn’t mean you won’t have a good time. Six-Guns might not be Red Dead Redemption, but it’s as good as you get on mobile. Goat Simulator Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Goat Simulator took the world by storm with its sheer absurdity and we couldn’t have passed on it. It’s a game that takes nothing seriously, embraces bugs and provides hours of hilarious gameplay. As you might imagine, the game is as far from an actual simulation of a goat’s life as you can imagine, although goats do love to headbutt things and you’ll do a lot of in this game. If we have to describe Goat Simulator in one word, it’s “mayhem”, and the best type of it at that! Wolf Tales Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Don't want to play as a goat? How about a wolf instead? Unlike Goat Simulator, Wolf Tales takes roleplaying very seriously. You have to defend your territory, fight other wolves in PvP battles and even breed wolf pups to make your pack stronger. There are different types of wolves you can unlock, with their own skills and abilities. This game is no joke. If you're into wolves or wild animals in general, you'll have a blast playing Wolf Tales. There's more content in it than you thought there might be in a game like this. Which is always good news, so why not give it a try? Stardew Valley Price: $4.99 Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store The world of Stardew Valley might not be vast but it more than makes up with the things you can do in it. If you haven't heard of Stardew Valley, you might be sceptical at first, but if you decide to spend the $5 and give it a try, you won't be disappointed. The game is fun to play, relaxing and satisfying. The music and sound effects fit the style of the gameplay perfectly, making for a very enjoyable experience. You'll sink hours in it without even realizing it. It's also available on PC if you want to play it on a bigger screen and with a keyboard and a mouse, which makes things a lot easier. Dawn of Isles Price: Free Download from Google