 Play Store Download from Apple App Store Dawn of Isles is an MMORPG that visually resembles The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild by masterfully combining models in colors into something that’s a joy to look at. As the title suggests, the world is made of different islands your adventures will take you through and each has something unique to offer. Beyond the standard RPG elements, you also have some crafting to do, to make your in-game life easier. If you have a couple of bored friends that can join you, it’s guaranteed to be exponentially more fun, so gather your party and suit up! Sky: Children Of Light Price: Free Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Sky: Children of Light is basically what you’ll get if Alto’s Odyssey became a 3D adventure game. The style is similar, with pastel, eye-pleasing colors and locations that make you feel like you’re in a dream. The world of Sky is full of wonders and secrets for you to uncover. Its chill atmosphere will make you feel more like meditating than gaming. The developers promise to keep expanding the game with new areas and events so if you decide to jump into it, there will be plenty to do now and in the future. GTA: San Andreas Price: $6.99 Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store You didn’t think we’ll talk about open-world games without mentioning GTA, did you? Sure, the graphics look dated even for a mobile game, but that’s still the San Andreas we love. The storyline is long and engaging but if you’re not one to follow a predetermined path, you’re free to do whatever you want in the three cities the map covers or the secretive areas tucked between them. Do we need to say more? It’s a GTA game, you know what to do! Minecraft Price: $6.99 Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Last, but definitely not least, comes the global phenomenon Minecraft. We can end it at that, there’s hardly a person left that doesn’t know what Minecraft is all about. What’s more open-world than a world you can change into literally anything you want to? The gameplay Minecraft provides is not measured in hours, not even in days. People spend years playing this game and still enjoy it as much as they did on day one. If somehow you’ve never heard of it before, you’re in for quite a ride! featured featured Top 10 games with BEST graphics for Android and iOS Nov 26, 2020, 9:24 AM, by Georgi Zarkov Best zombie survival games for Android and iOS Mar 24, 2020, 7:14 AM, by Georgi Zarkov featured featured 10 best sports games for Android and iOS in 2020 Mar 19, 2020, 10:16 AM, by Georgi Zarkov featured featured 15 best strategy games for Android and iOS Jan 15, 2020, 8:32 AM, by Georgi Zarkov