 10 best battle royale games for Android and iOS
15 best open world games with great graphics for Android and iOS
featured Top 10 games with BEST graphics for Android and iOS
Best zombie survival games for Android and iOS
featured 10 best sports games for Android and iOS in 2020
Featured stories
Popular stories
Hot phones
Apple iPhone 12 Pro
Apple iPhone 12 mini
Google Pixel 5
Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra
Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max
OnePlus Nord
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 2
Samsung Galaxy Note 20
Google Pixel 4a 5G
Apple iPhone 12
Motorola razr (2020)
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5G
Our choice for today’s game compilation won’t surprise anyone. Battle royale games have been popping up like mushrooms after rain for all platforms and smartphones are no exception. The genre is pretty straightforward: you have a bunch of players and only one can be the winner, which means everyone else has to die. Many of the titles on our list are trying to replicate the experience offered by the genre’s most popular games, so don’t be surprised by the similarities. Some, however, have gone their own way and feel like a breath of fresh air. That being said, let’s begin with the first of our top 10 best battle royale games: Rocket royale Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Rocket royale has an extremely familiar look but comes with a unique twist in the gameplay. Being the last one standing is not necessary, instead, you have to build your own rocket and get the hell out of the island before someone whacks you. That’s easier said than done, however. First, you need to collect resources from all over the map, then you have to find a few peaceful moments for building, not easy with 24 enemies lurking around. You can build your own fortress to keep others at bay and use a wide variety of weapons to straight-up remove them from the pool of competitors. If you want to try something more unusual, give Rocket royale a go! Battlelands Royale Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Besides the goofy graphics, Battlelands Royale has another thing that makes it pretty unique. It’s the only game on this list that gives the player a top-down view of the battlefield, instead of the standard first or third person camera. This, of course, greatly simplifies the aiming and makes the game a lot more casual than the rest. Games are also shorter so no need to wonder if starting one will have you pinned to your phone for 10 or 30 minutes, 5 is all you need in Battlelands Royale. Jump in, start shooting, get out, easy as that! You don’t like the standard rules? No problem! Create your own custom games, hop in with your friends and wait until others join to start the fun. Cyber Hunter Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Cyber Hunter is a game with cool graphics and futuristic weapons, but that’s not the most interesting thing about it. Besides the usual shooting