 with machine guns and sniper rifles, Cyber Hunter adds another element to the combat: parkour. That’s right, your character can climb buildings, jump and roll around as if its life depended on it. Because it does. If you ever wanted a dash of Assassin’s Creed into your Battle royale experience, this is the game for you. But Cyber Hunter has another trick up its sleeve. Using energy from the quantum cubes you can find around the map you can create powerful devices and even structures that will help you get the W. At the end of the day, a good aim is still what matters most, so start practicing! Bullet League Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store You might be surprised to hear that there’s such a thing as battle royale platformer. Well, there is and Bullet League is just that. A 2D shooter that will pit you against other players in a nostalgia-inducing environment. The 2D setting means the game will run without a hitch on pretty much any smartphone, which can’t be said for some of the heavier titles on this list. The art of this game is creative and amusing at the same time and give is a casual feel while you jump around shooting machine guns at your cartoonish rivals. We applaud the developers for giving us something so refreshing in the battle royale genre. OVERDOX Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store OVERDOX is another game in which you’re controlling your character from above but this time there’s no shooting going on. Characters fight with melee weapons in gladiator-style arenas that shrink as time goes by, as is tradition. Besides your weapon of choice, you have two skill slots you can populate with abilities you feel will be most helpful to defeat the other 11 fighters. Apart from surviving, during each round you also have to collect coins or you might not make it to the final area even if you’re still alive when it unlocks. Upgrades and character customizations are plentiful, so there’s plenty of things to waste your hard-earned currency on. Creative destruction Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Creative destruction is another beautiful-looking game that bets on the proven formula: Flying vehicle you jump from, an island with destructible buildings and of course, constructing ramps and barriers. Whacky weapons with different rarities are also on board and so is a dedicated FPS mode. Pair in a team with other players or go solo, it’s up to you. The game is regularly updated with new content and events to keep the gameplay from becoming stale. If you like the gameplay Fortnite provides but don’t want to be associated with it in any way, then Creative destruction is the best alternative there is. Super mecha champions Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store We’ll let you guess what the unique mechanic of this game is… That’s right, there are mechs!