 Naturally, a game with gundam-style robots must manga-style graphics and Super mecha champions is no exception. The game is everything you’re imagining it to be. You start with one of the regular flesh-over-bones characters and have to earn your right to pilot a fearsome mecha. Shooting enemies, riding hoverboards and eventually hiding behind buildings or flying over them to find the remaining enemies, this game has it all. It’s tons of fun and if you’re a fan of Japanese pop culture already, you’ll love it for sure. One warning, though, the game is quite large, over 2GB, so make sure you have enough space on your phone before you get all enthusiastic about it. Coming to the last three games, you probably already know which ones they are, but that doesn’t mean we can afford to skip them, so here’s the battle royale triumvirate! Call of Duty Mobile Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store Call of Duty came late to the battle royale stage but with the massive following the franchise has, it quickly overshadowed if not Fortnite, then at least PubG. With graphics as good as they get on mobile, multiple game modes and high-paced action, CoD mobile has rightfully earned the reputation of one of the best shooters for smartphones. And what’s more thrilling than 100 people armed to the teeth fighting for survival? Run them over with a vehicle, blow them up with a grenade or snipe them from half a mile away, the opportunities are endless. The popularity of CoD ensures you’ll never have to spend much time waiting in lobbies, which is always a plus. PubG Mobile Download from Google Play Store Download from Apple App Store But maybe you’re not into some of the arcade elements Call of Duty adds to the action and prefer to play one of the OG battle royales. PubG bets on realism whenever possible while still providing engaging gameplay. Good graphics, familiar weapons, sneaky tactics and more customization options than you know what to do with, what more can you want? Actually, the game now offers something people probably never thought to request: an in-game amusement park. A special addition for the game’s two-year anniversary. If you haven’t played PubG for a while, now is the time to come back! Fortnite Download from Fortnite.com Download from Apple App Store And at last, we come to Fortnite. If you have even a slight interest in gaming, there’s no way you haven’t heard of it. Hell, even people that haven’t played a video game in their life (usually parents) know about it and have seen the dreaded floss dance. Well, there’s a reason the game got popular in that’s because it’s a great game. Mastering the various weapons is just as important as being a quick builder and if you’re good at both your chances of being the last one standing improve dramatically. The different seasons the game is switching between regularly ensure there’s always something new