 The Best Cyber Monday Video Game and Accessory Deals
We need to stay indoors and not travel for the rest of the year. Why not stockpile on Switch, PlayStation, and Xbox titles?
Our final update: Cyber Monday has ended. If you're sale hunting, we've collected the best Cyber Monday deals still available (as of December 1). As always, we hope we helped you sift through the sales madness and find great products. Check our Holiday Buying Guides for the latest recommendations. Well before Cyber Monday, there were tons of gaming deals swirling around the internet, like dust kicked up by the release of two new consoles: the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X. Now that the newest iterations are out, previous-gen games are seeing discounts all over the place. It's good timing with the holiday season upon us, but Covid-19 is still raging around the country, and most of us can't see family. Video games provide a great way to connect with loved ones at a safe distance. We hope our favorite Cyber Monday video game and accessory deals will help in these trying times. Note: We strike through items that sell out or are no longer at their deal price as of publishing. Discounts sometimes return, so check for yourself. We will update this guide throughout the weekend. Special offer for Gear readers: Get a 1-year subscription to WIRED for $5 ($25 off). This includes unlimited access to WIRED.com and our print magazine (if you'd like). Subscriptions help fund the work we do every day. Updated November 30: We've added gift card deals and a deal on the Final Fantasy VII Remake. WIRED's Cyber Monday Coverage The Absolute Best Deals Deals on Covid-19 Supplies Deals Under $50 TV and Soundbar Deals Laptop Deals Home Office Deals Phone and Tablet Deals Headphone and Audio Deals Home, Kitchen, and Parenting Deals Self-Care and Sex Toy Deals Fitness and Outdoors Deals Mattress Deals Amazon Deals and Google Deals Eco-Friendly Deals If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Nintendo Switch Deals Nintendo's at-home and on-the-go console has been a popular little guy ever since it first came out in 2017, and it's only gotten better over time. With a robust library of AAA and indie games to choose from, the Switch is my favorite couch-side companion for these winter months. See our Best Switch Accessories and Best Switch Games guides for more picks. The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening Screenshot: Nintendo
The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening for $40 ($20 off): Link's Awakening is an adorable remake of a classic Zelda game, reimagined with all-new art and character design. For fans of the series, it's a delightful bit of nostalgia, and for newcomers, it's an entertaining and endearing way to while away the hours during quarantine. Hades for $20 ($5 off): Explore a dark (and let's be real, pretty sexy) take on the Greek underworld in this lavishly detailed roguelike for Switch.