 WIRED gear writer Louryn Strampe sang praises in her review, which you can read here. New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe for $27 ($33 off): Feeling nostalgic for some classic sidescrolling Mario? This is a re-release of the Wii U version (hence the "U" in the name), and it's actually two games in one. You get New Super Luigi U as well. There's co-op support so play along with your quarantine bubble. Fire Emblem: Three Houses for $30 ($30 off): Even if you're not a Fire Emblem die-hard, this game of wartime strategy and teenage interpersonal drama is a potent concoction. Cuphead for $15 ($5 off): You may get frustrated with this game because it's hard. But it's hand-drawn and looks absolutely gorgeous, making it well worth the time and effort. Play it co-op with your quarantine bubble. Luigi's Mansion 3 Digital for $40 ($20 off): The season for scares has passed, but Luigi's Mansion 3 is still a great buy for anyone looking for low-key spooky vibes this winter season. Or anyone really into slime people. Hollow Knight for $8 ($8 off): This game casts you as a bug-person with a nail for a sword. Explore Hallownest, a fallen civilization filled with monstrous enemies and friendly faces that need your help. This deal is also available at GameStop. Civilization VI for $10 ($10 off): The latest Civilization arrived on the Switch last year and it runs relatively well. Start a settlement, expand your kingdom, and take over the world! Just avoid getting on Gandhi's bad side. Anker USB-C 20,000-mAh Power Bank for $50 ($10 off): Is your Switch often running out of juice when it's out of the dock? This power bank is powerful enough to recharge it while you play, so you don't have to take a break. Nintendo Switch Pro Controller for $60 ($10 off): It's a small deal, but this is one of the best game controllers, period. If you're often playing your Switch in docked mode on the TV, you need to get this controller. It recharges via USB-C, pairs wirelessly, and lasts a long time. Nintendo eShop $100 Gift Card for $89 ($10 off): If you don't know exactly which games you want to check out or if none of the Switch games on offer are to your taste, it never hurts to get a gift card and wait till something you want is on sale. PlayStation 4/5 Deals Photograph: Sony
Whether you have a PS4 or PS5, there are tons of killer games on sale for both consoles. Sony PlayStation 5 for $399+ : This is not a deal, but it is a popular new console. It's near impossible to find in stock though. Read our review for our impressions on Sony's latest, and if you're shopping for a new PlayStation, we don't recommend buying the older PS4 Pro. The discounts aren't steep enough; you may as well save up for the newer models as they'll last much longer. There are two PS5 models