 from which to choose, and each contains a different group of quirky titles. Highlights include Fibbage, in which players compete to make up the most convincing lies, You Don’t Know Jack, a slightly risqu? trivia game and Mad Verse City, where players write rhymes for giant rapping robots. Jackbox Party Packs have very little learning curve, and you don’t even need a controller to play them; you simply jump in with your own computer or smartphone. And if you don’t like one minigame, there are dozens more to try. - Marshall Honorof Journey (Image credit: Sony) Rather than overload you with story and gameplay mechanics, Journey finds success in the simplicity. Currently free right now on PS4, Journey gives you a mission of finding your way. Specifically, you're a cloaked figure, in a gorgeous and seemingly-infinite desert, trying to find safety. In order to do that, you'll need to grow your scarf, which is somehow connected to how high you can fly. Soaring around the architecture of this desert landscape is also enabled by interacting with other cloaked figures you see around the island. As you explore its world, you'll see hieroglyphics that appear to tell some kind of story, and other cloaked figures that might help you find hidden passages. As Journey's sweeping score soars along with you, and calms you through your … well, journey … you'll wonder why you ever tried those maddeningly frustrating Call of Duty games. - Henry T. Casey Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (Image credit: Nintendo) There's something about Mario Kart that's absolutely irresistible to gamers and non-gamers alike. You've almost definitely played Mario Kart at some point, whether it was at a party, in a college dorm room or simply hanging out at a friend's house. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is the latest entry in the Mario Kart series. While it's not the kind of game you can sit down and play for hours and hours at a time, it's a great way to spend a spare 30 minutes or so, particularly if you have family or house-mates with whom to share the experience. Even if you play by yourself, you can still earn tons of unlockable items for the game's 40+ playable characters. - Marshall Honorof Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy (Image credit: Capcom) If you’ve been surviving quarantine by marathoning Law & Order reruns, why not try taking on some over-the-top legal cases yourself? Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy gathers the first three games of the Ace Attorney Trilogy together into one convenient package. In these interactive visual novels, you’ll take on the role of Phoenix Wright: a hapless, tenacious defense attorney whose clients find themselves on the wrong ends of seemingly airtight murder charges. Gameplay is pretty simple, as all you need to do is gather evidence, listen to testimony, press witnesses for further information and expose contradictions. The cases get progressively tougher, though, and the contradictions get harder to spot. - Marshall Honorof Professor Layton and the Curious Village