 available—one with a disc drive and one that can only play digital games. We think it's worth shelling out for the former. The Last of Us Part II for $25 ($35 off)—Clip the Coupon: One thing Sony has always had in its corner is a deep reservoir of exclusive titles like The Last of Us and its sequel The Last of Us II. While this game is certainly divisive, it's gorgeous and lavishly detailed, if super violent and occasionally hard to watch. Ghost of Tsushima for $34 ($26 off)—Clip the Coupon: The best way to while away the hours during this pandemic is with a good old-fashioned open-world game you can sink into. Ghost of Tsushima takes you through the first Mongol invasion of Japan and puts you in the shoes of an intrepid (if a bit anachronistic) samurai on a quest to save Japan. Until Dawn for $10 ($10 off): It's hardly a new game, but it's one of my favorites, and I will sing its praises for the rest of the foreseeable future. Until Dawn is a campy horror movie choose-your-own-adventure that follows the exploits of a group of teens stranded at an icy mountain chalet who find themselves being hunted by a mysterious killer. What's not to like? Death Stranding for $20 ($20 off) : Hideo Kojima is a weird dude. Death Stranding, the 2019 title from the acclaimed director, is a weird game. But it's fascinating and hard to put down once you start. You play as Sam, a deliveryman in a post-apocalyptic world ravaged by angry, hungry ghost-monsters. Most of your time will be spent figuring out clever ways through difficult terrain, and it's absolutely enthralling. Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice for $25 ($35 off): From Software's games are not often for the faint of heart, and Sekiro is more punishing than most. But it is an undeniably beautiful, tense, and well-crafted game. If you're looking for a challenge (and you're not daunted by the difficulty of games like Bloodborne and Dark Souls), it's a great pick. The Outer Worlds for $24 ($36 off): This sci-fi role-player is a laborious game chock-full of side quests. That may or may not be a good thing depending on the player. But it's witty, with an excellent (anti-capitalist) narrative design. Read our review for more. Final Fantasy VII Remake for $30 ($30 off): It's the first part of a planned series, but this completely re-imagined version of the PlayStation classic, Final Fantasy VII is worth checking out, even if you never played the original. It's fresh, fun, and features lavish visuals. Xbox One/Series X Deals Photograph: Square Enix
The new Xbox Series X boasts powerful hardware to make the most of next-gen games and improve the performance and graphics of select previous-gen games, many of which are on sale. Microsoft Xbox Series X and Series S for $300+ : This is not a deal, but like the PlayStation 5, it's a popular purchase this holiday season. It's similarly tough to