 find. Our review has all the details about this console if you want to learn more. It's tough to find the previous Xbox One X at a worthwhile price, so we recommend sticking to the newer versions, which will last for years to come. Xbox Store Gift Card for $90 ($10 off): Whether you're looking to fill out your collection of Xbox games, or save up some gift card cash for upcoming Series X games, this gift card is a solid deal. Xbox Wireless Controller for $40 ($20 off): This deal shows up in-cart. It may also be available at Amazon. Some colors have the sale price, others don't. It's compatible with Xbox One X, Xbox One S, Xbox One, and Windows 10. Doom Eternal for $20 ($40 off): Who hasn't wanted to rip and tear their way through demonic legions in literal hell while clad in super-powered space armor? Well, now you can, in the follow-up to the wildly successful Doom reboot. It's just as satisfying as the original, but it is admittedly a more-of-the-same situation. Thankfully, the gameplay served up in the first game is strong enough to hold up a sequel. Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order for $25 ($35 off) : We're not getting a new Star Wars movie this holiday season (at least we have Baby Yoda), but you can still get your fix by taking on the role of a Jedi padawan as he searches the galaxy for the remnants of an ancient civilization. Also, lightsaber fights. You get to do a lot of lightsaber fights. Marvel's Avengers for $27 ($35 off) : We're not getting a new Avengers movie this holiday season either, but Marvel's Avengers is an OK stand-in. Seriously, it's just OK. But at this price, it might be worth diving into if you want to smash things with Thor's hammer. Sunset Overdrive for $5 ($15 off): You get an excellent movement system and creative combat options in this game from the makers of Marvel's Spider-Man. Sunset City is an open world you can traverse through, and you'll have a blast doing just that. Halo: The Master Chief Collection for $26 ($14 off): Never played a Halo game before? Now's the time to dive into this remastered set that includes six titles, from the first Combat Evolved to Halo Reach. Accessory and PC Deals Photograph: Amazon
Game consoles and gaming PCs are only part of the hardware equation; the right accessories can turn an everyday gaming experience into an immersive and cinematic adventure. Check out our Gamepad, Headset, and PS4 Accessory roundups for more suggestions. Roccat Vulcan 120 Aimo Wired Mechanical Keyboard for $110 ($50 off): This mechanical keyboard is in our Best Keyboards guide. You can see the switches on each key; they're illuminated by customizable RGB lighting. The switches are responsive, tactile, and loud, plus a palm rest is included. Samsung 1-TB 860 EVO 2.5-Inch SATA III SSD for $100 ($100 off): Samsung drives are generally fast and reliable, and this