 price is the best we’ve seen all year. The deal is matched at Best Buy and B&H. Western Digital Easystore 5-TB External Hard Drive for $90 ($40 off): This price matches the best deal we've seen on this hard drive all year. External drives are especially nice to have on hand if you need to free up space in your Xbox or PlayStation. You'll need to log into your Best Buy account to see this member pricing (it's free to join if you don't have an account). SanDisk 128-GB MicroSD Card for $15 ($5 off): This is a cheap and easy way to add more storage to your Switch if you have a lot of games installed and are running out of space. It's Class 10, which means it has snappy read/write speeds. Roccat Kain 120 AIMO for $30 ($40 off): This is one of the best gaming mice, especially if you want a tactile experience each time you click. There are four buttons, a clickable scroll wheel, and DPI adjustment options. This is the best price we’ve seen for it. HyperX Pulsefire Surge Wired Mouse for $46 ($8 off): This is another all-around capable mouse in our Best Mouse Guide. Writer Jess Grey says it has a comfortable chassis, it's responsive, and there are customizable RGB lights if you're into that sort of thing. The Sims 4 for $5 ($35 off) + DLC Deals: This game is great, but the add-ons can get expensive quickly. Almost every extra pack is on sale and the base game is just $5. Read our guide to the Best Sims 4 Add-Ons if you don't know which to get. Audioengine A1 Stereo Speakers for $159 ($40 off): If you want to blast some tunes in between Valhalla raiding sessions, these are an exceptional pair that delivers much better sound than most other PC speakers. They're wireless so there's no need to fuss with cords, but if you'd rather plug in, it comes with a cable. Cyber Monday Retailer Pages Here are some of the other major sales going on right now. Amazon Target Walmart Best Buy B&H Home Depot Kohl's Newegg More Great WIRED Stories ? Want the latest on tech, science, and more? Sign up for our newsletters! Google Photos storage is changing. Here are your best options A Navy SEAL, a drone, and a quest to save lives in combat There’s something super weird about Netflix anime The history of poop is really the history of technology Thinking about holiday parties? Look at this troubling map ? WIRED Games: Get the latest tips, reviews, and more ? Things not sounding right? Check out our favorite wireless headphones, soundbars, and Bluetooth speakers