 Eight great PC games not to miss in November
Be a chicken detective, bug-munching explorer, or all-powerful warbird in November's best indies
The time is nigh for our monthly rundown of the latest and most promising games you may not have heard of, whether indie games or anything without a triple-A’s marketing budget. This time around, we’re taking our big ol’ magnifying glass to November, a very quiet month with nothing much going on at all. No sir. Thankfully, there’s no shortage of great games to keep us glued to our screens and bashing away at our keyboards, mostly of the chicken, falcon, and eagle variety. If you’d rather not run afoul of any fowl, we’ve also got a few FPS games in the mix, a trippy-as-all-heck puzzler, and whatever on earth Bugsnax is supposed to be. This is really a chance for us to shine a spotlight on some inventive, often flat-out weird stuff that you might otherwise have missed. Honestly, who needs a graphics card the price of a used car or a giant router when you can be a chicken detective or a bug-munching explorer in games like these? So strap in and prepare yourself for our list of November’s finest lesser-known games. Enjoy! Here are eight great games not to miss in November. Sector’ Edge – October 31 Sector’s Edge is a blocky FPS for fans of making things go ‘boom’. Yes, its maps are completely destructible, meaning the roof could collapse on you, the floor may crumble beneath your feet, and no piece of cover will hold forever. This keeps matches fast and intense, as you never really know where death might come from next. It also brings a map editor and extensive gun customisation system to the (soon-to-be-broken) table. Grab it for free right now over on Steam. Chicken Police – November 5 You’ve seen a bird dating sim, now help yourself to a hearty portion of buddy-cop chicken noir. This clucking wild point-and-click satire of classic noir cinema sees you investigating the strangest of cases in a world filled with anthropomorphic critters. You assume the roles of washed-up chicken detectives Sonny Featherland and Marty MacChicken as they attempt to rekindle their fractious working relationship and crack the case without offing one another in the process. With a fun sense of humour and an intriguing interrogation system, Chicken Police is on track to be a real tasty treat. So waddle on over to its Steam page and take a wee gander at all the deets. Yes, geese and chickens aren’t the same thing – peck me. Superliminal – November 5 If you thought Portal, Manifold Garden, and Antichamber were about as mind-boggling as first-person puzzlers could get, wait until you get a load of Superliminal. This one plays with forced perspective and optical illusions to create puzzles that are as trippy to look at as they are fun to solve. Early on, you’ll slip into a deep slumber and find yourself trapped in an unnerving dreamscape