 that only the mysterious Dr Glenn Pierce and his AI assistant can guide you out of. Quite how you got into this mess in the first place is anyone’s guess, but you’ll be glad that you did when those lovely ‘aha!’ moments start landing. If you’re up to the challenge, here’s its Steam page. The Falconeer – November 10 The Falconeer sees you taking to the skies as an all-powerful warbird in a gorgeous open-world setting called ‘The Great Ursee’. You’ll engage in brutal dog-fighting action, upgrade your bird using experimental weapons, mutagens, and chants, and ultimately decide which factions to side with or destroy. It looks rather remarkable, both in its action and visual presentation, and it’s prepping for take-off over on Steam. Prodeus – November 10 Prodeus looks to be a blood-soaked blast of an old school FPS, boasting a neat art style that enhances its pixelated gore with some decidedly modern flourishes. The end result is a great-looking shooter that – if its ultra-violent gameplay footage is any indication – will also be a joy to play. You can expect to rip and tear your way through a handcrafted single-player campaign, backed by another glorious heavy metal score from Andrew Hulshult, before delving into the extensive level editor. If your heart can handle it, here’s Prodeus’ Steam page. XIII – November 10 Remember XIII? Based on the graphic novel of the same name and released back in 2003, the stylish spy thriller is now considered to be something of a cult classic. This here remake updates its FPS action and re-envisions its timeless cel-shaded art style to offer an all-round more modern experience. The story sees you, an amnesiac with the skills of a professional killer, investigating your past and realising that you might just have murked the President of the United States of America. Not the best news to wake up to, I’m sure. Anywho, you can sneak your way over to its Steam page for more classified info. Bugsnax – November 12 Yes it was featured in the PS5 showcase, but it’s still an indie so it still counts. An exception to the ‘games you might not have heard of’ rule for this feature, everyone is indeed talkin’ ’bout Bugsnax – and for good reason. It’s already cemented itself as one of the most gleefully strange games in recent memory, and once you’ve heard its earworm theme tune, well, prepare for it to invade your thoughts with troubling regularity. The game sees you scouring Snaktooth Island in search of the eponymous half-bug half-snack creatures, of which there are around 100 species to collect, while attempting to uncover the fate of intrepid explorer Elizabert Megafig and her missing followers. It’s deeply weird, arguably somewhat creepy, and scuttling towards launch on the Epic Games Store. The Pathless – November 12 The Pathless comes to us from Abz? developer Giant Squid, and if you played that one, you’ll know that you’re in for a real treat with this