 gorgeous open-world game. It tells the tale of an archer and their eagle pal as they attempt to dispel a foul curse and take down a series of corrupted spirits – all of which are ruddy massive. You’ll gracefully traverse a gorgeous island by performing high-flying acrobatics and hitting speed-boosting points of power with your bow and arrow. Watch some gameplay and just try to tell me that it doesn’t look smooth AF. Now whizz your way over to its Epic Games Store page for all the details.
Best games like Monster Hunter: World you can play on PC
From Destiny's loot grind to Dauntless's behemoth slayer, here are the games to fill that Monster Hunter: World hole in your heart
What are the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World? We had to make our own fun for a while as Monster Hunter: World came to consoles first. Now that it is on PC, though, we can join in on the fun and indulge a power fantasy that includes launching an overgrown lizard into the air by swinging a hammer the size of an elephant’s hindquarters into its scaly gut. The benefit of waiting, however, is that we’ve been able to clue ourselves up on some of the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World, too. Now if we want to play something a little bit different, the option is there. Plenty follow the same beats that Capcom’s series lays out, such as a Jurassic theme and hunting monsters for amour. If that’s your scene, check out Dauntless. Some share the same incentive for loot, but change other elements. For Example, Destiny 2 is very much about the grind for better gear but is based in space. Anyway, enough of the chitter chatter, here are some of the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World. Best pc games like monster hunter world Dauntless Toukiden 2 Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen God Eater 2 Rage Burst Dark Souls III Nioh Destiny 2 Dauntless Dauntless takes the Monster Hunter experience and streamlines it by taking out the legwork between fights. That means you can visit the game’s bustling social arena, Ramsgate, in one moment and then be hunting a Dauntless Behemoth in the next moment. All the usual loot-based incentive is still intact, too, and there’s plenty Dauntless Exotic weapons and armour to go after. If you’re unsure about taking on a massive game like Monster Hunter, then this is a handy alternative as it’s free-to-play. So you don’t have to worry about forking out for something you may not gel with. Toukiden 2 The idea in Toukiden 2 is to slay huge demons known as Oni in order to protect humanity from destruction. In short: take Monster Hunter and swap out the wyverns and dinosaurs for the horrors of Japanese medieval folklore and, hey presto, you have Toukiden. There are so many similarities between Monster Hunter and Toukiden that, in distinguishing them, you may as well be trying to spot the difference between a