 Rathalos and a Rathian. Both involve hunting gigantic snotty beasts, both let you bring friends along for the slaughter, both let you upgrade your weapons and gear using resources from fallen enemies, and both originate on handheld consoles. You could buy Toukiden: Kiwami, which is the enhanced version of the first game that was released on PC. But for a better experience you will want to try out Toukiden 2 as it was made with PC in mind from the start. It is also the only open-world game in the Toukiden series so far, which makes it the equivalent of Monster Hunter: World for its respective series. Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen Capcom’s other creature-slaying PC RPG is Dragon’s Dogma. This is a game that starts with a dragon ripping your heart from your body. Just snatches it right out of your chest. What a git. Understandably, you are not particularly pleased about the situation, and set out to find that damn dragon to retrieve your absent vital organ. That is not as easy as it… actually, it doesn’t sound easy at all, does it? You are going to need to get a lot of practice in before you – a bloodless dimwit, let’s not forget – are able to go toe-to-claw with a fire-breathing beast of legend. Weak as you are to begin with, it turns out you are the ‘chosen one’ and are capable of taking on hydra, griffins, and chimera with a little time and experience behind you. Dragon’s Dogma ticks a lot of boxes if you are looking for an experience similar to Monster Hunter that you can play on PC: an open world, huge beasts to mount and stab in the face, a plethora of armour and gear upgrades, and a party of armed fools to lead around. Unfortunately, that party does not consist of other online players, but AI-controlled ‘Pawns’ that learn how to fight from you (poor things). Once you have trained them up, other players can borrow your Pawns for their own games. It is not a replacement for online co-op but, hey, even without that Dragon’s Dogma comes close enough. God Eater 2 Rage Burst The weapons you use in God Eater 2 are one of its biggest draws. Called God Arcs, they are developed from the cells of the Aragami – the huge monsters you are sent out to defeat. This means you can collect materials from the dead bodies of your large opponents to upgrade your arsenal. In fact, God Eater lives up to its name by letting you actually devour the monstrous corpses you create. Nom nom. While all the weapons in God Eater 2 seem to have been manufactured in the same factory as other anime games – they are huge, glow yellow, and cause a lot of blood to gush – they are as varied as Monster Hunter’s roster of blades, blunts, and ballistics. There is plenty of room to specialise here – you can charge into