After many months of looking at house designs online, we finally found our perfect house plans......... Customer service was great. Can’t wait to start building our new home.......... :D



View House Plan 7172 >11/25/2020
Anonymous

The builder commented on the level of detail making his job so much easier



View House Plan 9043 >11/19/2020
Anonymous

Customer service was excellent. Not done building house yet, but think we are gonna love it. The one piece of advice of would give to those that build this house is this: The roof truss package for what I call a smaller house is quite extensive. There are many twists and turns to putting the trusses together. However, the roof line and the twists and turns are what gives this house a tremendous curb appeal.



View House Plan 9671 >11/18/2020
Bob of Suffolk, VA

My Sales Rep, Christine Cooney, was awesome! She was always available to assist me, answer my questions and came up with the best solutions.



View House Plan 4838 >11/16/2020
Scott of Bethel, ME

After purchasing some land in Bethel, ME, we were anxious to get our dream home built. After many hours of searching for house plans that we could customize, we decided on The House Designers’ 9710 plans. Fast forward 14 months, our dream house is completed and we could not be happier with the results. I would highly recommend The House Designers to anyone looking to build a beautiful home.



View House Plan 9710 >11/15/2020
Virginia of GREEN VALLEY, AZ

We love the little home we are having built. Our contractor was willing to omit the small shower in the master bath, and use the tub space for a roll in shower. He also shrank the laundry closet and still gave us a demand water heater, small sink, and water softener in there by the washer/dryer. We have a larger pantry, and we can hardly wait to get moved in to this cosy little house. Thanks for the wonderful little house plan.



View House Plan 7727 >11/8/2020
John of WAKE FOREST, NC

Absolutely beautiful home is being built on our .6 acre lot and will upgrade the community so much. We are looking forward to the ultimate buyer opting to finish off the in law or mother’s suite above the garage. Such an incredible use of space and exceptional open floor plan. John Lewis President TJ Real Estate Holdings, LLC Wilmington, NC



View House Plan 8516 >11/1/2020
Sandra of Cibolo, TX

This is the first time we decided to design our own home. The House Designers were incredibly easy to work with. They answered all my questions, they made revisions quickly and they were so incredibly patient and friendly we would highly recommend working with this group again! Thank you The House Designers!



View House Plan 7348 >10/29/2020
Kim of WOODSTOCK, GA

Only one problem with the plans- the window in the master bath goes halfway into the shower, so that had to be changed. REPLY/THE HOUSE DESIGNERS: Hello Kim, and thank you for your comments. The builder may not be reading the plans correctly. The windows are high windows (2)2020 and that is a walk-in shower. You enter the shower on the window side, so there is no conflict with the glass enclosure which stops 2’ short of the windows.



View House Plan 7844 >10/23/2020
Anonymous

We love this house and moved in about a year ago. We were looking for something on one floor where the master bedroom was on the opposite side of the house from the other bedrooms. The fact that this plan included a covered front and back porch sold us on this plan. We did make several modifications: First, we flipped the plan due to our lot and driveway. We also made significant modifications to the garage/entry/laundry/master bath/master bedroom: we pushed the basement stairs back about 3-4' so the doors would not hit each other when going from basement to garage. We also changed the laundry room to a laundry closet and used the additional space to create a mudroom. This new space is so much more useful than a laundry room for us. This also changed the size/layout of the master bathroom so we made additional changes there. We also reconfigured the master closet so you don't have to go through the bathroom to get to the closet. We changed the kitchen to include a standard butcher block island instead of the corner counter. We added a pantry to the kitchen where the plan shows a door to the flex space (our kitchen no longer connects to the flex space since we use the flex space as an office). We also vaulted the ceiling in the great room instead of using tray ceilings. We also had a daylight basement, so our back covered porch extends to a large deck instead of a patio. This was not a cheap house, but we're very happy with it!!



View House Plan 8041 >10/19/2020
Anonymous

My experience with the whole process was exceptional. The service was great and the designer helped us in making some adjustments to the plan. Our dream home is now ready to be built. Thank you for making this a pleasurable experience.



View House Plan 1858 >10/7/2020
Anonymous

The House Designers Team, specifically Whitney Carlstone, did an outstanding job of providing insight, clarity, and support through the plan selection process. THANK YOU VERY MUCH!



View House Plan 2047 >9/27/2020
Rick of FAIRVIEW, NC

Our house is started and with a few minor changes, is amazing! Can’t wait to share the finished pictures.



View House Plan 9167 >9/12/2020
Kevin of EATONTON, GA

We love this home; we worked very closely with Lucas to make modifications to the plans that were performed timely and at a reasonable price. Lots of pictures to follow!



View House Plan 7419 >9/10/2020
Regina of Monroe, GA

We purchased and built 9773 house plan. Overall we are happy with the plan. However, if we could change the plan in any way we would have ordered it on a basement: and somehow built a walk in pantry or a way for more food storage. At this time that is the only 2 things I can think of that I would change.

Used Sponsors: Jenn-Air Appliances


View House Plan 9773 >8/27/2020
Anonymous

Looking forward to moving in , it's almost ready we made a few modifications, have had a lot of positive comments.



View House Plan 3625 >8/20/2020
Erin of Hernando, MS

We are half way through building this house. It’s going to be stunning!



View House Plan 4303 >8/15/2020
Ernest of Huntsville, AL

Love this plan. It has taken about a year to build, but it was worth the wait. We did do some modifications to the plan as we were building and It turned out great. Thanks for all your help in making our dream come true.



View House Plan 7805 >7/30/2020
Gilberto of JONESBORO, GA

House is 80% done and I'm doing the finishes. I loved everything about the house. I even did some little changes but the only thing I need that needs to be a little bigger is the master bathroom. I'm the homeowner and my own contractor. I raised the attic space when the framer had framed the first floor on top of master bath, bathroom and library and on top of garages. I basically added like 1,500 sf more of the regular sf and house looks exactly the same as it shows on plans.



View House Plan 9650 >7/27/2020
Carl of cantonment, FL

The plans I ordered have all that was promised. I am delighted with my home plan purchase.



View House Plan 7387 >7/19/2020
Carl of cantonment, FL

The plans I ordered have all that was promised. I am delighted with my home plan purchase.



View House Plan 7387 >7/19/2020
Anonymous

Customer service is outstanding. We dealt with Whitney and she was great! Very helpful, and very personable! You don't get that much in customer service any more.



View House Plan 3075 >7/6/2020
Emily of Green Cove Springs, FL

I had a very good experience ordering plans from The House Designers! I corresponded with Whitney by email several times prior to calling her to order the plans. She was as friendly as could be! The process of having changes made to the plans was easy as well. They were very busy, so it took a few days longer than originally expected, but that was not a problem with our building time still a ways off in the future. Everyone was professional and easy to work with. I would recommend this company to anyone looking to buy house plans for their custom build. We haven't started building yet, but I expect a smooth process with these plans in hand.



View House Plan 9185 >7/2/2020
Juliann of Senoia, GA

These plans created a house that surpassed my vision. Perfect lake house!



View House Plan 1143 >6/23/2020
Anonymous

Building almost completed. We'll be moving into it in about 1 month. It looks beautiful. Also gets a lot of attention. Many wanting to go inside. Could not be more pleased!!!



View House Plan 7172 >6/20/2020
Christie of HARRISONBURG, VA

Customer service was exceptional! And my house plans were exactly what I needed and I received them promptly and as promised. I would highly recommend this company!



View House Plan 5713 >6/19/2020
Anonymous

The team I worked with were very professional and helped me out tremendously!



View House Plan 9408 >6/17/2020
Anne of Maine

I’d like to take the time to send a reflection on my recent purchase of one of your home plans. I have been looking to build a small home for about 5 years. After finding a beautiful property with neighbors who have similar values, I started looking for plans. It took a while to find something that reflects the style I want. Once I narrowed it down, ran it by my builder and got the go ahead to purchase online plans, I made the call. I was greeted by a knowledgeable and professional representative who immediately made me feel at ease. She talked me through all of my questions with kindness and patience. She gave good recommendations based on the information I provided and followed up with an email immediately. She promptly responded to an item I left out, and called the next day to verify she had received the modifications from a designer. When we noticed an error, she immediately started working on correcting it, again following up our conversation with an email. I thought the process would take days or even weeks. By the end of the day, she had contacted the plan architect personally and we were able to complete the purchase with the modifications needed. She was efficient, amiable and a complete pleasure to work with. I’d highly recommend Whitney to anyone calling with trepidation about purchasing online plans