Unlike the magnificent  Waldorf Astoria in NY, you can't just enter and have a look around.   The tall Sikh dressed doormen will prevent you from doing so.  There's a separate entrance for guests, who  use their  beautiful  leather room card to enter.  Check in is very VIPish. Taking you through the  divine hall entrance,  with peoole having high tea and a traditionally dressed harpist, you go to a private room away from the  reception area and you sit down on a very comfy armchair  to a  welcome drink and are then  taken to your room.   There were lots of "wow"s from me, since  walking into the main hall, in fact  right upto  my departure.       We were in room 247, with a balcony facing Palm Court and were lucky enough to have witnessed a wedding photo session just in front.   We were given thorough explanations as to the modernity of the beautiful, huge room and bathroom.   Using the ipod,  you can control everything that is electric.  Curtains included . The mattress was one of the most  comfortable  ones I have ever slept on.  A safe,  bathrobes,  slippers, daily beverages and fruit .... everything is present.  The furniture,  decorations and sheer beauty of the room and bathroom were a delight to the eyes.  The Japanese style toilet was most amusing.  As soon as you open the toilet door,  the lid opens and warms up.   When you're done , press on a button, choose the pressure and position, and you're washed.  Then dried. :)    Unfortunately the Tiffin room was closed, so we had dinner at the Chinese restaurant.  The food was delicious but the air conditioning was so cold (in spite of the shawl they lent me), that we ate up fast and went to the Writer's Bar.  Dylan, the friendly  barman concocted us a lovely personalised drink.  Breakfast was plenty.  You can order anything and everything,  all delicious.   The big pool is fantastic to just relax , with drinks and snacks.   The final touch of luxury was the Raffles limousine taking us to the airport. This is a hotel where one just doesn't want to leave, but work awaits at home.
Read less