TRAVEL NOTICE:Learn more about COVID-19

Skip to main content
Tripadvisor


Post
Alerts
Trips

Raffles Hotel Singapore
Asia  Singapore  Singapore  Singapore Hotels
Raffles Hotel Singapore
4,876 reviews
#12 of 365 Hotels in Singapore
Save
Share
1 Beach Road, Singapore 189673 Singapore
+65 6337 1886
Visit hotel website
E-mail hotel
COVID-19 update: See the added health and safety measures this property is taking.
Read more
9 people are viewing this hotel
Hotel direct offer!Home Suite Home
Hotels.com
¤2,152
View Deal
Agoda.com
¤2,393
¤1,924
View Deal
SAVE ¤469
Trip.com
¤2,154
View Deal
Booking.com
¤2,393
ZenHotels.com
¤2,021
Expedia.com
¤2,152
View all 8 deals
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.



 Full viewphotos_module_carousel_view_all_photos_plain (5,315)






















traveler_photos_ffffe986
(4020)

room_amp_suite
(849)

videos_ffffdbd1
(2)

See all 365 hotels in Singapore
Raffles Hotel Singapore
Special offer
About
Location
Reviews
¤2,152
Hotels.com
View Deal
About
4.5
Excellent
4,876 reviews
#12 of 365 hotels in Singapore
Location
Cleanliness
Service
Value
2020 Travelers' Choice Best of the Best
Experience Raffles’ charming ambience and legendary service at the newly restored hotel. Enjoy newly opened bars, restaurants, courtyards, and social areas; spaces designed to make Raffles the place to meet, spend time, shop and celebrate. Long Bar returns fully restored and continues its proud tradition as the Home of the Singapore Sling. Raffles Hotel is one of Singapore's most graceful landmarks. This luxury Singapore hotel celebrates a tradition of unwavering service excellence spanning more than 125 years. Immortalized in the novels of Somerset Maugham and Rudyard Kipling, Raffles Hotel, Singapore’s colonial-styled architecture and lush tropical gardens exude an atmosphere of timeless elegance. This luxurious Singapore hotel lies in the heart of the city, in close proximity to the banking and financial districts, Raffles City Convention Centre, Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre (SICEC), as well as leisure attractions including the casino at Marina Bay; the cultural sights of Arab Street and Chinatown and shopping at Raffles City shopping mall and Orchard Road shopping belt.
Read more



room_amp_suite (849) Full view







Property amenities
hotel_amenity_paid_private_parking_on_site
amenity_free_internet_title_ad3
hotel_amenity_pool
amenity_fitness_center_title_ad3
hotel_amenity_bar_lounge
hotel_amenity_entertainment_staff
hotel_amenity_babysitting
amenity_business_title_ad3
Show more
Room features
hotel_amenity_bathrobes
hotel_amenity_air_conditioning
hotel_amenity_housekeeping
hotel_amenity_private_balcony
hotel_amenity_room_service
hotel_amenity_minibar
hotel_amenity_flatscreen_tv
hotel_amenity_hair_dryer
Show more
Room types
tags_category_tag_non_smoking_rooms_1
hotel_amenity_suites
hotel_amenity_family_rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
HOTEL STYLE
hotel_style_tag_11273
hotel_style_tag_9705
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
hotel_amenity_english, hotel_amenity_chinese
Hotel links
Visit hotel website
Special Offer:Home Suite Home
You may also like
Popular Nearby
See all
Fairmont Singapore
7,937 reviews
0.07 mi

¤756
Carlton Hotel Singapore
4,925 reviews
0.1 mi

¤542
Naumi Hotel Singapore
2,827 reviews
0.09 mi

¤477
JW Marriott Hotel Singapore South Beach
2,374 reviews
0.1 mi

¤1,066
Similar
See all
The Fullerton Bay Hotel Singapore
3,530 reviews
0.8 mi

¤1,271
Shangri-La Hotel, Singapore
6,745 reviews
2.2 mi

¤659
The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore
6,082 reviews
0.5 mi

¤1,239
Four Seasons Hotel Singapore
2,620 reviews
1.9 mi

¤628
Show Less
Location

Full view
100
Great for walkers
Grade: 100 out of 100
463
Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
55
Attractions
within 0.3 miles
Contact
1 Beach Road, Singapore 189673 Singapore
Getting there
Changi Airport10 mi
See all flights
Seletar Airport9 mi
See all flights
Raffles PlaceSingapore Mass Rapid Transit16 min
Telok AyerSingapore Mass Rapid Transit20 min
Rental Cars
See rental cars from ¤250/day
See all nearby hotels
Nearby restaurants
Entre-Nous creperie
1,186 reviews
3 min
French
Fu Lin Men Chinese Restaurant (SRC)
167 reviews
4 min
Chinese
Akira Back
650 reviews
3 min
Japanese
Paulaner Br?uhaus Singapore
694 reviews
6 min
German
See all nearby restaurants
Nearby attractions
Pororo Park Singapore
137 reviews
6 min
Playgrounds
Chijmes
753 reviews
4 min
Historic Sites
Loof
454 reviews
3 min
Bars & Clubs
Bar Rouge Singapore
121 reviews
3 min
Bars & Clubs
See all nearby attractions
Most Booked Properties in Singapore
See all

YOTEL Singapore
3,155 reviews
#74 of 365 hotels in Singapore
1.8 mi
from
¤387

View Hotel

M Social Singapore
1,417 reviews
#108 of 365 hotels in Singapore
1.2 mi
from
¤268

View Hotel

Capri by Fraser Changi City
1,860 reviews
#84 of 365 hotels in Singapore
8 mi
from
¤332

View Hotel

Carlton Hotel Singapore
4,925 reviews
#69 of 365 hotels in Singapore
0.1 mi
from
¤542

View Hotel
Reviews
Write a review
Traveler rating
Excellent	3,707
Very Good	868
Average	189
Poor	65
Terrible	49
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(4,878)
English(3,860)
Japanese(462)
Chinese (Sim.)(258)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewstiffin roombilliard roomcourtyard suitemonkey nutswriters barthe palm courtfamous long barpeanut shellsshells on the floorcourtyard barbucket listpersonal butlerhigh teabutler servicegrand lobbymain buildingrooftop poolmarina bay sandsslingsikhluxurydoorman
Search reviews

nsethia wrote a review Nov 28
Singapore, Singapore7 contributions2 helpful votes
Lovely stay
Such a great hotel in the heart of Singapore. Experience the luxury and world class hospitality at Raffles. We enjoyed our time at Tiffin, Courtyard and pool. The atmosphere is very chill and relaxed.
Read less
Date of stay: November 2020
Review collected in partnership with raffles.com
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
Helpful
Share

Christine B wrote a review Feb 2020
Normandy, France449 contributions116 helpful votes


+1

Hotel's Favorite
Pure luxury
Unlike the magnificent  Waldorf Astoria in NY, you can't just enter and have a look around.   The tall Sikh dressed doormen will prevent you from doing so.  There's a separate entrance for guests, who  use their  beautiful  leather room card to enter.  Check in is very VIPish. Taking you through the  divine hall entrance,  with peoole having high tea and a traditionally dressed harpist, you go to a private room away from the  reception area and you sit down on a very comfy armchair  to a  welcome drink and are then  taken to your room.   There were lots of "wow"s from me, since  walking into the main hall, in fact  right upto  my departure.       We were in room 247, with a balcony facing Palm Court and were lucky enough to have witnessed a wedding photo session just in front.   We were given thorough explanations as to the modernity of the beautiful, huge room and bathroom.   Using the ipod,  you can control everything that is electric.  Curtains included . The mattress was one of the most  comfortable  ones I have ever slept on.  A safe,  bathrobes,  slippers, daily beverages and fruit .... everything is present.  The furniture,  decorations and sheer beauty of the room and bathroom were a delight to the eyes.  The Japanese style toilet was most amusing.  As soon as you open the toilet door,  the lid opens and warms up.   When you're done , press on a button, choose the pressure and position, and you're washed.  Then dried. :)    Unfortunately the Tiffin room was closed, so we had dinner at the Chinese restaurant.  The food was delicious but the air conditioning was so cold (in spite of the shawl they lent me), that we ate up fast and went to the Writer's Bar.  Dylan, the friendly  barman concocted us a lovely personalised drink.  Breakfast was plenty.  You can order anything and everything,  all delicious.   The big pool is fantastic to just relax , with drinks and snacks.   The final touch of luxury was the Raffles limousine taking us to the airport. This is a hotel where one just doesn't want to leave, but work awaits at home.
Read less
Date of stay: February 2020
ur_question.prompt.11
Location
Service
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
2 Helpful votes
Helpful
Share
Response from raffleshotelsg, General Manager at Raffles Hotel Singapore
Responded Mar 1, 2020
Dear Christine B,

Thank you for your wonderful review of our Grande Dame. Indeed, as a vanguard of Singapore hospitality, we strive to ensure the best experience is delivered to those who stay with us, and that includes ensuring your privacy is respected. It is most delightful to hear that we met your expectations of our esteemed Raffles Singapore, as we pride ourselves on our world-class service, and it is brilliant that you experienced what makes Raffles so special. The care that we put into every detail puts us at the forefront of the hospitality scene, and creates an oasis for the well travelled.

I am delighted that you enjoyed your stay at your suite, with a lovely view of the Palm Court. It is heartwarming to hear of your appreciation for your interaction with our Raffles colleagues and I am most glad that you enjoyed our facilities like the outdoor rooftop pool as well as our multitude of dining experiences, including ?y? by Jereme Leung, the Writers Bar and breakfast at Tiffin Room.

Thank you for your heartwarming compliments and valued feedback. We keenly anticipate your next visit for yet another marvelous stay with us.

Yours sincerely,

Christian Westbeld
General Manager
Raffles Singapore
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of TripAdvisor LLC.

mkumar386 wrote a review Nov 26
1 contribution
A special stay in the Heart of the City
Our stay at the Hotel was great as always. This special staycation was perfect in every way. The customer service to the high tea and the comfortable bed. Raffles Hotel reminded us why it is as special as it is. Looking forward to returning very soon.
Read less
Date of stay: November 2020
Review collected in partnership with raffles.com
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
Helpful
Share

Daniel_lawgg wrote a review Nov 22
Singapore, Singapore152 contributions29 helpful votes
A GEM in Singapore
Luxurious experience with rich heritage at Raffles Singapore. Always love staying in colonial styled hotel like Raffles and completed the "grand slam" of staying all 3 hotels by the Sarkies Brothers (including E&O in Penang and the Strand in Yangon).
Read less
Date of stay: November 2020
Review collected in partnership with raffles.com
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
Helpful
Share

Axyu wrote a review Nov 19
382 contributions53 helpful votes


+1

Feedback for owners of Raffles Hotel Singapore, in this time of Covid-19, sorely needing-
As a seasoned traveller, my experience of being forced to notice a significant divide between impressive sincerity & atrocious lip service in this hotel is unfortunate. Pillows, bottled water and a chain of events due to grossly amateurish lapses blighting my stay have resulted in unavoidable embarrassing conclusions, whereby I disagree with this luxury hotel billing itself as an icon of Singapore.

Management needs to clearly delineate differences between housekeeping & "butlers", retrain some "butlers", or management needs change, because housekeeping provided me much better butler service than “butlers”, thus horrifying this first-time guest at Raffles Hotel Singapore (the hotel name I shortened into RHS, for this review). In my experience, RHS key problems include incoherent lack of unity for a vision, due to certain staff in a core service position exhibiting obvious absence of basics in initiative, empathy & enthusiasm.

Impressive 5-star RHS service:
Keith’s pre-welcome call 2 days prior to my stay to check with me, with mentions of extending check-out to 3 pm. His professional effort should be a staple hallmark of RHS eg. he jovially & diplomatically stated the hotel has not been as responsive as it should be (when I said I heard the hotel does not use its phones). Roslee showing me to my suite (at least 20 years in RHS). Gary's service at the pool (at least 10 years in RHS). My meeting the front-door team at RHS Beach Road main entrance, including iconic doorman Narajan alongside his much-younger enthusiastically polite team.

The 2-night stay, from Wednesday to Friday:
Needing a rest in end-October, I made reservations in September. On hindsight, my experience of a poor RHS pre-welcome process prior to check-in registration was a warning of extreme unevenness ahead.

Courtyard Suite 222 is a welcome sight for sore eyes, a lovely view of landscaped lawn from a shared outdoor veranda. Occasional creaking of Indonesian-native aged balau wooden floorboards constituting the veranda have a certain nostalgic charm for those of us acquainted with such wooden floors, audible even when you are in the bedroom, with wooden doors & shutters connecting the parlour from the bedroom fully shut. Overall, wonderfully quiet. Pretty. Spacious.

Main building architecture has been beautifully restored. But the mishmash of furniture, furnishings/decor & smaller details in suites, & guests-only second floor above Grand Lobby?

The second floor above the Grand Lobby is a lesson in why certain themes should never be mashed, leaving me somewhat dismayed. This suite's parlour contains 3 different themes in a small space, somewhat schizophrenic: Nicely restored historical architecture, wooden chairs & tables trying to hearken back to the colonial era, not gelling with a modern contemporary cheap-looking simple sofa- The parlour furniture needs to be decided with a coherent theme.

I am thoroughly impressed by front-door staff & Roslee extending me a welcome befitting the iconic history of this institution.

Luxurious Ormonde Jayne toiletries. Bathrobes & towels wonderfully fluffy, clean, folded immaculately. Generous fruit platter, sweet fruits of a certain quality. But in-suite pillows are so flat I used a towel as a base, because they completely deflate with any weight & provide zero neck support. Turndown service in 1 night does not improve pillow quality over 2 nights, which I sadly designate “Worst Pillows I have ever used in any hotel”.

This inexplicable unwillingness to provide decent pillows extends to bottled water. In this category of suite costing more than 1000 SGD a night, Evian or Nakd or some other type of bottled water is not provided complimentary in-suite. Dr. WHO water in flimsy plastic bottles of questionable storage timeframes created an intended chain of events resulting in unintended discoveries I would prefer to forget.

Yujun came to the suite, introduced herself as my “personal butler”, was sweet & polite but forgettable. She did not go beyond doing or saying the cheerfully bare minimum. No mentions of recently-opened Macallan whisky event taking up several units on ground floor of the hotel (I was told it is complimentary for guests due to vouchers provided, when I was doing RHS history tour with another RHS guest), no additional unique information about what I had organised for my itinerary- She gave me a demonstration of how certain controls worked, after I asked. She asked me if I had any queries.

Nothing else volunteered, no suggestions of walking the guest around the hotel to familiarise, no suggestions to try breakfast at Tiffin Room, no encouraging explanations or descriptions about format of breakfast for Tiffin Room-

Do RHS “butlers” assume a guest knows everything about RHS or enough about the hotel’s facilities & how to get around? Yujun would not have known that I was able to make multiple reservations via a highly-capable RHS Assistant Service Manager, because that one had to step in and intervene on behalf of the RHS Service Agent who clearly needed more hospitality training while proving himself incapable of adequately handling my simple inquiries.

I thought it was a pity Yujun was the butler, not Roslee. This tiny kernel of scepticism planted by my experience with Yujun hardened into something unavoidably unkind, on the second day.

After an unpleasant confusion among certain spa staff not adhering to what I had already emailed beforehand, 2 hours was everything the Raffles experience should be: A signature Mikimoto facial provided by experienced therapist Matthieu leaving me speechless for more than a few seconds, with the end results.

He is primarily responsible for me having a hugely positive impression of Raffles Spa. The second day was anything but. Spa experiences will be in another review on this site.

The Tiffin Room is a joyous discovery, on the first night. Chef Kuldeep’s traditional curries, tandoori & kebab dishes are delicious & varied, as delicious as Thevar chef Mano’s contemporary Indian dishes fused with cultural influences from growing up in Malaysia while enhanced with European cooking methods, in a special collaboration dinner menu. Staff are down-to-earth & endearing. I made a mental note to return to Tiffin Room after my stay. The fountain formerly outside Lau Pa Sat is very romantically beautiful at night, now positioned in a soothing courtyard outside the Tiffin Room.

Returning to the suite, I took a few sips from 1 of the bottles of water provided in my suite. My stomach, fine during dinner, started behaving a bit oddly. I had noticed this issue just before dinner too, after my spa treatment when back in the suite, but could not figure out why. I dismissed it. Turndown service of the bedroom was what you would expect of such a hotel, which I assumed was done by a butler, because RHS has "butlers".

Instead of having the bath fully run by 9.30 pm (as I told Yujun in-person), another “butler” (not Yujun) came at 9.30 pm to run the bath. No queries about welfare of the guest, no interest expressed in anything. Throughout the rest of my stay, I never saw Yujun again, never spoke to her on the in-suite phone which only allows calls to "butlers", never heard from her, never saw her when checking out.

Lovely tub to soak in.

Sleep during 1st night was somewhat elusive, because of stomach & pillows.

The swimming pool opens at 7 am. I decided to swim several laps, finishing in less than 10 minutes. Around 7.15 am, the man who cleans the swimming pool turned up. He took almost 40 minutes to do so, thoroughly and admirably. It was somewhat therapeutic to watch him work.

But shouldn’t your pool cleaner be doing so & finishing, before the swimming pool opens for guests? Was I supposed to swim in the pool as he cleans, if I had been any later & he had turned up then?

Breakfast was a serene soothing affair with classical music softly piped over the sound system. I had the swimming pool & terrace all to myself. Quality items offered, despite limited variety of options. Hashbrowns replaced rosti. If rosti is not available, the breakfast menu needs to be officially updated. Scrumptiously flaky croissants, tasty sausages, delicious eggs. Tomato sauce was very nice. Considered trying breakfast at Tiffin Room the next day or at the veranda, before the history tour.

When I phoned shortly after 9 am, “butlers” were not contactable. I wanted housekeeping to tidy the suite, thus left a tip & written note for housekeeping staff, then went to tip Gary, intending to stop by the front desk in the Grand Lobby to deliver my request, before leaving the hotel. Gary asked if all is well. I told him I could not contact any butlers. He volunteered to help me out, but I said I could inform the front desk & thanked him. Since I could not ask any “butler” if it is possible to check for any available tables at Yi by JL in RHS, I decided to have familiar comforts, so went to buy warabimochi & drink matcha at Matcha Saro, then lunch at Mikuni.

Lunch settled my stomach. Upon my return, I stopped by RHS Raffles Boutique to buy hotel souvenirs. One non-spectacled staff member in a suit with a shiny nametag was primarily engrossed in using his smartphone/navigating past customers/talking to other fellow employees/avoiding customers. There were at least 5 customers. With such a unique customer-averse attitude unlike his fellow colleagues in the boutique, why does he work here? I approached female staff for assistance, since he was trying to avoid all customers. He stayed that way from the time I entered, to the time I left.

Housekeeping had done a praiseworthy cleaning job. I also had a "signature massage treatment" to experience on this second afternoon. How does Raffles Spa vet newly-hired young therapists of a certain amount of experience to give signature treatments, when they are clearly not ready?

Returning to the suite, I sipped from bottled water in the suite. My stomach was again queasy. How long have these bottles of water been stored, before being placed in this suite? I then mixed boiled water with bottled water, because I did not want boiling-hot water. It did not help.

I called the "butlers", requesting for cups since there were no teacups nor coffee cups. Upon my return from dinner, a beautifully-written note with the cups signed off by "Raffles butlers" was on the table. And I temporarily believed they were wholly responsible.

Dinner at La Dame de Pic was a ruined affair. To avoid the urge to throw up, I finished less than half the bread, skipped desserts entirely, ate small portions of already-small dishes, left apologies for the chef and sommelier. I had to abort the wine pairing. The dishes are very enjoyable, despite not being mind-blowing.

When I re-entered the Grand Lobby, I asked the front desk to please send 2 glass bottles of room-temperature mineral water such as Evian & bill it to my room, because I could not take the plastic bottled water in the suite making my stomach unwell. I am grateful to the front desk for not getting this right, because I was about to learn hugely important lessons about the legendary butler service of Raffles Hotel.

As I waited, someone promptly knocked on the door. It was a petite woman from housekeeping pushing her very-full cleaning cart. She looked very busy, slightly sweaty & slightly disheveled, asking if I want turndown service. I said No, then closed the door.

A “butler” brought 2 glass bottles of artesian water from New Zealand. He mentioned no names, had no queries about me or my current situation, handed me the bottles & left. I did not realise they contained sparkling water. When I opened it less than 1 minute after he left, water shot out of the bottle & onto the floor.

Phoning again, I told the “butler” my stomach was unwell, I had spilled water on the floor, and needed still water instead of sparkling water. She said they had no Evian water, and someone would bring me the necessary. No queries as to how I was feeling. No queries as to how to make the guest feel better. No initiative at all.

When someone knocked, I opened the door, to find- The same petite lady from housekeeping with my bottles of water. In halting English, she asked me if I needed anything else. I said I had spilled water because I had not realised the bottles had sparkling water, then showed her the spillage.

Removing the wrong bottles from my suite, cleaning up the spill, asking if I am alright, if there is anything else I need & she could help- She noticed my distress. I was so touched and felt bad for being initially curt; distress from my stomach is not an excuse.

I was also deeply disgusted at atrocious incompetence & indifference from “butlers”. Zero basic concerns to ask how a guest feels, without turning up, when you tell them you are unwell? Where is the discreet personalised service that RHS describes, via its butlers? I almost wished I had avoided reading the RHS hotel website or in-suite Ipads.

In-suite pillows were so flat & uncomfortable, I woke up at least thrice during the night. But I no longer wanted to interact with RHS “butlers”, so I did not call about the pillow menu. I lay in bed, thinking:

1) In 14 hours, I will leave this place behind

2) I took for granted water, pillows, service in- Moments I enjoyed in hotels of countries such as Sweden, Cambodia and England came to mind. RHS "butlers" I have interacted with in any capacity are terrible, when they should learn basic requirements from staff without fancy titles who are warm and inquisitive and caring, such as the housekeeping lady who helped me. 

I am sad that I had to cancel being at COMO the Halkin in London, due to Covid-19. I also missed Capella terribly.

When I woke up, I was mostly feeling fine. The glass bottles of water & large sweet grapes in the fruit platter helped. When I phoned to check out around 11.35 am after the history tour, “butler” on the phone had no questions. They simply had someone come up to retrieve my luggage.

Anwar is an intelligent young gentleman who sensed something was off. He listened. I also asked how I could pass a tip to the housekeeping staff of last night. He suggested Saddiq could handle the matter. Saddiq assured me he would make sure housekeeping management did so. I told Narajan I would see him again, as I left. I am glad Anwar & Narajan saw me off.

And I was so happy to be greeted with a delicious lunch & smiling domestic helpers, whose caring attitudes & ability to be spontaneous-

Perhaps the category of suite I was staying in is not expensive enough. Perhaps my not-obviously-branded heels were not classy enough or easily-recognised-enough. My made-in-Israel heels have carried me through many wonderful experiences. I wanted to use them one last time on what I hoped would be a wonderful experience before letting them rest permanently, a new pair of made-in-Israel heels taking over.

Due to a foot operation, I can only wear customised shoes or choose already-made footwear with great care. My heels do not reflect many reasons why the Courtyard Suite of RHS cannot impress me. In the homes where I live, one of my bedrooms is similar to the size of combining this Courtyard Suite’s parlour & bedroom, my bedroom ceiling height equivalent to the height of the parlour. My bathroom sink area accompanying my bedroom is approximately the size of combining both sink areas in this Courtyard Suite, even if my bathtub is mildly less fancy. The RHS Studio Suite I originally booked was chosen for high ceilings. I should have declined the upgrade.

As a guest who books a spa package with RHS Raffles Spa prior to a stay & partakes of dinners at restaurants in RHS, some RHS “butlers” taught me that they can pick & choose whom & when they condescend to give in-person service to. Are butlers a gimmick in RHS? I cannot figure out the criteria which these “butlers” use to determine if a hotel guest is significant enough for them to go beyond answering phonecalls and/or physically appear for that guest and/or smile, since they could not be bothered to render any form of personal decent service to me.

Staff working at RHS for at least 10 years or are young staff under supervision of iconic RHS staff members are so different from “butlers”, in my experience.
I had considered booking a Personality Suite on a second visit, but decided to pause all this under an iceberg.

If I were to consider a second stay at RHS, or I am asked whether to try RHS:

~ Read reviews on Tripadvisor of 3 stars or less about RHS from August 2019 to November in 2020 (after second refurbishment). I hope RHS owner Katara Hospitality sorts out issues with partner Accor managing RHS. Read trend of online reviews over next 4 to 6 months relative to service & faults in RHS, IMHO.

~ Pages 22 to 28 of “A Life Intertwined” by resident historian Leslie in Raffles Boutique (which I bought) should be compulsory reading for all RHS "butlers".

~ Leslie’s passion for RHS, Narajan’s father hen warmth, Roslee’s nuanced patience & humorous confidence- They are down-to-earth local living service icons in RHS necessary to this second historical refurbishment, which I am fortunate to have experienced. They deliver impressively.

~ I am glad to have met service staff who genuinely emulate & continue their attitude, warmth & initiative (eg. Keith, Anwar, Gary, Saddiq).

~ Stop using cheap pillows. People who cannot sleep well will not return.

I wonder if someone in RHS higher management might consider service recovery such as mailing out a handwritten letter & sign-off, to guests such as myself voicing justified complaints since re-opening. Empathise with guests, briefly summarise what steps have been taken to tackle the issues, ask guests to consider staying at RHS again.

When I read what Leslie penned for me on 30 October, a sharp sadness is unavoidable. “I can say there will always be a Raffles” is what he wanted me to know, and he hopes his grandsons will be future ambassadors of this hotel. On this day, various media outlets reported closure of Robinsons, one of the oldest home-grown department stores here, with a history of 162 years in Singapore.

I learned 2 phrases from one book in my suite titled “The Strangely Singaporean Book ”. “Buay tahan” summarises my experience with "RHS butlers", & “Tua Pai“ is what I think of RHS "butlers".

"Devoid of empathy & unwilling to go beyond lip service" is my impression of "legendary butler service" at RHS. I grew up with many years of domestic helpers & what some people might classify as a nanny, and know some relatively useless trivia, such as the difference between drawing a bath & running a bath.

If intending to use “butler” to uphold lofty service standards even though I know very well typical hotel service staff have no semblance to a butler except in the most basic aspects, at least provide turndown service & show empathy for those in your care. Otherwise, please cease usage of “butler” & exaggerating unacceptable service standards, which is what I would say to RHS "butlers" I do not wish to encounter again. 

I never tried a complimentary Singapore Sling, because too many gut-churning mistakes happened at Raffles Hotel Singapore for my stomach or myself to enjoy.
Read less
Date of stay: October 2020
Value
Location
Service
This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC.
1 Helpful vote
Helpful
Share
PreviousNext123456…772
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Singapore area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
¤1,796 - ¤2,967 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
ALSO KNOWN AS
Singapore Raffles Hotel, Raffles Hotel Singapore, Raffles Singapore
LOCATION
SingaporeSingaporeCity Hall / Downtown Core/Downtown Singapore / Central Area/City Area
NUMBER OF ROOMS
115
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.

Claim Your Listing
¤ILS

© 2020 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy and Cookies StatementCookie consentSite MapHow the site works
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.

This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of in . If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more


I live in...

Tell us where you live to get great ideas for things to do near you.

Tel Aviv, Tel Aviv District


Can you tell us about your Tripadvisor experience?
Take survey