Skip to Content
For Parents For Educators For Advocates
Find movies, books, and more ...

Sign in
Movies & TV
Books
Apps & Games
Parents Need to Know
Latino
Research
About Us
Distance Learning
Kid reviews for Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order

Common Sense says
age 14+
 
Based on our expert review
Parents say
age 10+
Based on 1 review
Kids say
age 11+
Based on 2 reviews
Add your rating

0 free reviews left this month. Get unlimited access with Common Sense Media Plus.Get Plus

PARENTS SAY (1)KIDS SAY (2)
Kid, 8 years old
July 20, 2019
age 12+ 
Fantastic solid Action-packed Avengers game protrays teamwork
Parents need to know that Marvel Ultimate Alience 3 is the third game in the Ultimate Alience Franchise. But unlike the others this is its own standalone threequel. The story is about the infinity stones and to stop thanos with your own Alience like in Infinity War and Endgame. In order to stop Thanos Teamwork and messages are key in order to stop thanos with excellent role models. Living up to a Marvel game be ready for lots of superpowered Sci-Fi Combat with intense confrontations players turning to dust. Plus once a character on your side gets knocked out than it happens in a climatic intense sequence commonly. There is a bit of blood in fights but it is generally the Sci-Fi space fights that show. There is some rude humor with a few uses of stupid and idiot also some reveling outfits but nothing that bad. But along with Exellent role models and amazing messages and this is a fantastic game that lots of gamers should play. The controls are easy but the bosses can lead to raging when knocked out a lot.
Show less
This title contains:
Positive MessagesPositive role modelsViolence & scariness
This review...
Helped me decide
 
Had useful details
 
Read my mind
Report this review 
Wondering if Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order is OK for your kids?

Parents: Set preferences and get age-appropriate recommendations with Common Sense Media Plus. Join now

Go to Common Sense Review
Common Sense is the nation's leading nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of all kids and families by providing the trustworthy information, education, and independent voice they need to thrive in the 21st century.
We're a nonprofit. Support our work
Learn More
About Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Our Impact
Meet Our Team
Board of Directors
Board of Advisors
Our Partners
Our Offices
Press Room
Annual Report
Contact Us
 Our Work
Common Sense Media
Common Sense Education
Common Sense Kids Action
Digital Citizenship Program
Latino Program
Privacy Program
Research Program
Wide Open School
 Get Involved
Donate
Join as a Parent
Join as an Educator
Join as an Advocate
Attend an Event
Enact Your CCPA Rights
Careers
Follow Common Sense Media
Search Common Sense Media
Find movies, books, and more ...
Subscribe to our newsletters
Add your email to get started.
Help center Privacy Cookie settings Terms of use Community guidelines
© Common Sense Media. All rights reserved. Common Sense and other associated names and logos are trademarks of Common Sense Media, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (FEIN: 41-2024986).