54 (4384) This trip is really a great way to experience the true beauty of the South Island. We hiked in beautiful areas with spectacular views, biked the Te Araroa track and sea kayaked in Milford Sound and in the Okarito Lagoon. Our guides, Ben and Emma, were absolutely great! They were cheerful, caring and attentive to our needs. They kept us well fed all along the trip even while hiking in remote areas with minimal cooking facilities. Accommodations were great and representative of the visited area. Thanks to one of our travel companions, we had magnificent weather for the trip duration… we cannot have asked for better temperatures. Claire, Manotick / Ontario , 67yrs, Canada
Excellent way to see New Zealand 4.4 (1256) My husband and I went on the Kauri trip in November 2017. This trip had been on our bucket list for a while and we decided to go with Active Adventures as they were offering the type of travel and activities we wanted to do in New Zealand. Our two awesome guides, Andy (encyclopedia of knowledge) and Jo (excellent cook) made us feel at home and have shown us the beautiful country of NZ while ensuring everyone had fun. We had an amazing time on the North Island and I highly recommend this trip if you enjoy outdoor activities. Claire, Manotick / Ontario , 67yrs, Canada
Very Glad We Added Kauri to Our Trip 4.4 (1256) We added Kauri to our Rimu trip because we wanted to spend more time with the Maori culture and see the north island. Our wishes were more than fulfilled by this excellent trip. Rick, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
A Deep Dive into the Understanding of the Maori Culture 4.4 (1256) Having just come from the South Trip we wondered if this trip would be more of the same. It was not. The landscape and activities were different and just as amazing. We learned so much about the history of the country, the Maori people, culture, and their language. The activities were varied and enabled us to experience the beauty of the North Island and all it has to offer. Sharon, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
Perfect in Everyway!! 4.54 (4384) With great guides, fabulous weather and scenery that is amazing, we hiked, kayaked our way through-out the South Island. We learned a lot about the country, the flora and fauna, birds and conservation efforts. Sharon, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
Outstanding Locations. Outstanding Service 4.54 (4384) We have always wanted to see New Zealand, but we didn't know how to select the best and organize a trip around these. Active Adventures gave us an answer, and on the trip, AA gave us much more than we expected. We saw amazing locations, did lots of fun activities, and had amazing service... with the guides providing great information, assistance, service and various options. Terrific! Rick, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
The Most Beautiful Place in the World 4.54 (4384) Thank you to Active Adventures for a most spectacular trip. I traveled with my daughter, to celebrate her college graduation, and my brother. The Kiwi people are the friendliest people on the planet. Our guides were extremely helpful, cooked awesome meals, and taught us so much about New Zealand. They took care of everything. All we had to do was sit back and enjoy the ride. The locations for the lodging were probably the best views in all the country. We stayed right in the center of Queenstown, next to a remote area of a lake with views of Mt. Cook, in a small towns next to the ocean. They were all very clean and neat, always with a pot of tea ready, and cookies for a snack. There was always an excess of food. No one ever went hungry. In fact, I don't think I ever ate so much on holiday. The activities were fun and varied, relaxing at times, strenuous on occasion but with awesome views as payback. I am recommending this trip to all my friends, and already planning the next one. Terri, Evergreen / Colorado , 56yrs, United States
Perfect Patagonia 4.56 (1149) Had a wonderful time on the Condor trip with Cynthia. The trip was well planned and we traveled with such great folks. Couldn't have been better. Cynthia even arranged for great weather! Sarah, Larkspur / Colorado , 61yrs, United States
Nov. 2017 Condor trip with Cynthia 4.56 (1149) What an awesome trip with one of the best guides ever. I would highly recommend this to all. The scenery was amazing, the activities were sweet, and the places stayed were top notch especially the one in El Calafate. The Refugio's were nicer than expected with ok food. Jim, Larkspur / Colorado , 69yrs, United States
Trip of a life time 4.59 (1979