communist scum
Copy Of Paladins
Overwatch is super graphic
underwatch
Overwatch
Kid Friendly
Team-based FPS - positive messaging
Good for kids 9 and over
Good
AWESOMENESS... with a few little issues
Seizures: My son 13 and Many children and adults having seizures with Overwatch. Google Overwatch Seizures
Unsuitable for children, except if..
Good game for 17+
Overwatch Compated to Pg-13
A game I am fine with.
Boomtastic
Age 9+
Awesome
The best game of 2016
Disgusting match chat and a decent amount of gore make this game for older kids, but for sure an awesome game.
Matchmaking is a joke. puts you against players you could never beat. Abusive player base that types nasty things when you win/lose. Creates loops where you play the same people that beat you over and over again. The game is designed to keep you where you are at, it is the game version of a big bully. complete waste of time and money.
Overwatch is a very good game for tweens and they play it with pleasure. This video game is not very realistic so it can be played my many people
This game is the best
Overwatch, fundamentally is a 6v6 team first person class-based shooter. There's no gore, and a built-in profanty filter. The only thing that could potentially be a window for colorful language would be if you allow your kiddos to go into voice chat -- you can disable this functionality in game. The overall storyline is a very positive, make the world a better place type of message. It's about diversity, and people standing up to become heros to help improve the world. There are 100% optional microtransactions for cosmetic items -- but you also can earn them via playing as well. You will be at no disadvantage if you do not spend money on loot boxes. It's far and away the most family friendly FPS you're going to find -- and on top of that -- they have multiple types of heros, including a number that don't rely on amazing aim. If you're okay with your kids watching PG movies -- this game should give you no pause.
Overwatch, Developed by blizzard studios, is a less gritty first person shooter with a big team element. Alright, i just want to point out, i didnt just play it for an hour to see if it was good for my kid, my total play time is 300 hours, im a gamer, this is one of the games i play when my 11 year old son is at school and im off work, my wifes also a gamer, even more than me. Anyways, back to the point, if your kid is asking you for overwatch, DON'T listen to common sense media parents, they are very biased on fps games. Overwatch isnt very violent, barely any blood, and promotes teamwork over simply killing your enemy. That being said, there are some things to take into account when buying overwatch for your child. First off, know that overwatch is a competitive game from start to finish, even quickplay can be competitve, so, if your child is a more casual gamer, Team Fortress 2, another Team based shooter, is better suited. Second, and most things parents look at, the community, there are toxic players, if your child has a squeaky voice, maybe pass on the mic, the overwatch community can be toxic as hell sometimes, did you know theres a video on the internet of 4 grown men bullying a 12 year old kid for playing the character Hanzo. Speaking of characters, while i did say that most overwatch characters are mostly positive, some have more darker, more grittier personalitys. "Hanzo" who i mentioned earlier, his backstory states that he mudered his brother, "Genji" at a young age, because Genji didnt want to serve the clan, and now Hanzo wants to redeem himself, after meeting genji, revived by the angel "Mercy", in the animated short, "Dragons". Others include Reaper, Widowmaker, Doomfist, Moria, and Roadhog to name a few, are characters that have much darker personalitys and backstorys. Despite all that, as long as your child knows rights from wrongs, they shouldnt have a problem with overwatch
I believe this game is good but dose have some violence. This game is very enjoyable. You not choose to listen to the reiterated negative reviews. Good
I've updated my review now that I've played Overwatch via the Free Weekend event: To say the graphics are good is an understatement. They are GORGEOUS! Gameplay is a tad tricky though but once you get the hang of it it's not too bad. There's no visible blood; once a character dies, he/she simply is replaced by a skull icon. Open-mic chatting can be toggled off and there is also a profanity filter for the type-chat box! That's a relief! :D (However, some characters STILL DO utter "d--n" if injured, so still be wary of that.) Apart from some curvy characters with tight outfits, there's no sexy trash in the game itself. But as I stated in my old review, the game's webcomic DOES feature two women kissing. Finally, as I stated in my old review, some Christians (and/or Christian PARENTS!) might not appreciate some of the characters' dark appearances (and Reaper's catchphrase "Death walks among you" might not help matters, either! 0_o) All in all, I'd say give Overwatch a shot with caution. Have fun! :D
My 13 year old was playing Overwatch for 3 weeks and one day after playing for a couple of hours, he dropped to floor in convulsions. No history or family history of seizures. Google " Overwatch Seizures." You will find countless people, children and adults, with no history or family history of seizures, having seizures during and after playing Overwatch. Beware.
you block communications, voice and chat. The game is fine itself, but player interactions can be extremely negative, to the point of verbal abuse.
Good game update added lots more blood -language:language in this game consists of sh*t ass damn hell used frequently nudity : quite revealing outfites and poses for characters voilence is the complicated part when i started overwatch it wasnt very bloody at all but recent updates ive seen lots more blood when characters are shot almost at borderlands level - adding on to that lots of toxi players cursing on servers and a character constantly smokes cigarettes
My child has seen countless pg-13 movies which are way more violent than this game. Overwatch doesn't have all the violence like a pg-13 movie does. For example my son has seen Hunger Games, Suicide Squad and a bunch of others which have blood and gore in them. Overwatch is way more mellow than a pg-13 movie. Here is why, Overwatch is unrealistic. For example you have a robot samurai that can summon a dragon by swinging his sword. You have a dude that shoots sound waves and can run on walls by using rollerblades. Let me also put it a different way. Many parents might know a game called minecraft, if you don't google it. Minecraft is a friendly, happy and fun game. Until you go into multiplayer. Your constantly killing people with swords, TNT, bows and lava. So why do we let our kids play it? It's because it's unrealistic. It doesn't look real! I mean you have a block dude running in a block and world swinging a block sword. Overwatch is just like that. It's unrealistic in the violence. It's like a teens version of Minecraft. It's not bloody and there isn't any foul language. Violence is not bad compared to other rated T games like Batman Arkham city, Destiny, and Injustice. I think it's fine and very mellow.
I am one of those moms who is very careful about what my kid plays. I saw this game and looked into it because my kid really wanted it. I thought it was going to be this violent bloody game but it wasn't. It was very "cartoonish" and very little violence. There is no blood or swearing in the game. Compared to other rated "t" games I have seen, this is very mild. This is a great game to introduce your kid to rated "t."
This game is extremely tame for a fps. The violence is mild, not a drop of blood or gore and no sexual content at all. The 13+ is mainly due to the ability to communicate via mic but I limit my 11 year old son to custom and arcades with his friend whom are all around his age. I monitored his use and dont let him play in competitive as more advanced communication is recommended. The comunity on a whole is positive with a few toxic eggs here and there but as a player and a parent I highly recommend Overwatch as a good place for children age 9 and up to start.
If you want your kid not to play Call of duty overwatch is the right game for your kid. Overwatch is not violent or bad! I would recommend you to get the game!
Honestly there's nothing bad with this game,occasionally you might hear the "d word" and there is violence but really this isn't a bad game it has good role models I feel as if anyone has ever played the game you'd love it oh and also What sex? How is that 3 dots lol
Great game for kids 10 and up.
Cartoon violence
Not at all violent
Overwatch: Has major pros but cons...? 9/10
TF2 with less blood, better graphics
Fantastic game! Great sub for those violent shooting games!
Enjoyable fun game with some blood and violence
Violence is very mild
Great!
Good game, not too violent
Overwatch Review
It's fine for 10 and under
This is a wonderful interactive game that has literally no violence or blood There is none at all!! I am normally Very anti-violence games and would never allow such a game. But after playing the trial myself, I was think wow this game is not like halo or call of duty its like Minecraft. It promotes great messages and there are great role models these is no language or anything. It helps sharpen eye hand coordination and helps a lot for basketball players. My son was a short kid and was an absolute couch potato. Playing 24-7 now he plays over watch 30 mins a day only!! and is the best on his basket ball team. This also Helps increase your child's social intelligence. Overall I would buy this game for 10 yr olds.
Before outwardly exclaiming "You'll buy the game and everything in it" you may want to carefully analyze my review. I find that the gameplay is crisp up to 1080p and maybe 4k rendering given your devices or hook ups. The fps is smooth in question up to 60 and over speed. Any game, whether done by console or PC contains objectives and other game modes used to enhance experience. Nicely done Blizzard. The characters each contain solo cosmetics and highlights with emotes and victory poses that can either be won by chance in a loot box (collected after certain conditions are met in games or as congrats for season play) or bought via the shop for up to 49.99 USD. Now here's where it slopes. As most know, consoles require the purchase of online play with their subscriptions of either Xbox Live or PS Gold which for a generally $50 game will cost you either $10-$30 given your subscription choice. Costly! And if you choose to buy loot boxes you'll be paying somewhere around $110-$120 in the least. Enough to get you 2 single player mode top notch marketing games without online requirements, like HZD or Nier Automata or maybe a nostalgic experience like Crash Bandicoot if you're into that. Without paying for online extension, you can't even access the game as there's no SINGLE playing mode. Online interactions aren't rated by the ESRB but with mic you may come across scammers, strange people, or meanies in general. Not all are friendly. I recommend playing the game without the awkward mic or using text keys if you're playing PC. There is rarely any sexual connotations unless you count some of the outfits being a bit eccentric. Drinking only limits to one of Reinhardt's voice lines exclaiming "Beer!" Or the setting of a tavern in the Eichenwalde map. The game is basically violence, though no blood...maybe a red flash when another character is hit. (But that isn't blood.) Gameplay mechanics for both PC and console are definitely easy to grasp within 10-20min tops. Putting them all into play may be the only obstacle. Be aware of some language in either the character's native tongue or downright English. Skills will develop. Enjoy. Final Verdict: Console- 8/10 PC- 9/10
I think that it is a very inspirational game with little gore, I k ow that my kid loves it and he is only seven, I also have played it and I think it is a magnificent game
Overwatch is a great example of a first person shooter that's fun and engaging without too much gore. While other games in the genre are packed with spurting blood and wince-inducing violence, Overwatch is just as fun and fine for younger kids. If you're particularly stringent when it comes to online safety, then it is noticeable that there's a chat feature.
If your child wants this or any shooting games this is probably as kid friendly as your going to get. It's a great sub if your kid wants a shooter that's just to violent It's kooky funny and happy with some stylised violence. And with all of that its fun and a good game! Recommendations: have a time limit 30mins it's very addictive so learn to resist, have a risk assessment! Even let your parents have a go!
Overwatch is an fps that empowers both men and women whilst keeping the mechanics simple and fun. Violence is cartoonish and brief splatters of blood can be seen when an enemy is hit . Players are also rewarded for kills and eliminations. Some female characters are scantily clad with revealing cheats, but nothing more than that. Parents may also more that one player smokes tobacco, and cigars are visible on sprays
I bought this game for my 12 year old daughter and 10 year old son and I'm not such a big fan of letting kids play first person shooters because of violence but guess what? The violence in this game is actually extremely mild and if you are fine with your child watching PG movies this is perfectly fine. Common Sense Media says this should be 13+ but I think an average 11 year old can easily handle the violence, the violence is actually very mild, unrealistic and not bloody at all. The player is in the role of a hero fighting against the baddies so the game has positive messages. The game has no sexual content, bad language or drinking/drugs (other than a character smoking a cigar which as long as your child knows not to smoke is fine) so I would recommend this game for ages 11 and up.
I bought this game for my son because it is not too violent. My son is 13 and wanted to get Overwatch. My son has seen countless pg-13 and some R rated movies. This game seems very mild as far as first person shooter games go. He is responsible, and I am completely fine with my son playing Overwatch.
I am not a fan of first person shooter games, or video games in general. When my son first asked me for this game I was skeptical. I researched overwatch online and found that it didn't look terribly violent. My son has seen many pg-13 movies, some of which were more inappropriate than this game. I'm not very happy with him playing overwatch, but I allowed him to buy it. As far as first person shooters go this is not bad. And I am comfortable with him playing it.
I Think the pegi rating is too high so im here to say that its a great game that LOOKS violent but is fine for 11-year olds to play. i bought the game so i could play it too!
