Lego movie
Nice funny I bit of action
Worth a purchase, just not right now.
Amazing and educational
Meh
Huge Letdown.
Unparalleled freedom of movement, solid combat and a whole lot of technical issues.I moderate a group of 90 players for this game, but cannot defend it's glaring issues or recommend it without at least SOME hesitation. This is perhaps the glitchiest triple A major release title I have ever played. As they release patches and fixes while trickling out new content but delaying much of it, you'll find that any amount of research will tell you that this game was not ready for it's launch...and even the studio that made it will tell you that. While you will have good fun and see all the great movement and combat it has to offer, you may find yourself crossing your fingers a little too often hoping the next loading screen doesn't freeze up somehow or boot you from your existing game session. There IS quite a variety of enemies from the get go and each is unique, so the combat and flight will keep you hooked for a time. However, in Anthems current state, if you want to avoid some potential frustration, you may want to sit this one out till it's actually been properly graduated past it's Beta stage into a fully functioning major release. And as a persistent player of the game, it's actually hard to say that.
This game has a bit of minor Sci fi violence but any mature child of around 12 and over can understand that it is all in a game. This game also has very good educational values and supports hard work. I think any loving parent should pick this up for their 12 year old or older child and do them a favour.
Its okay.
While the graphics are undeniably incredible and the flying spectacular, the bad ultimately outweighs the good here. Its all unfortunately drowned with constant load screens (Seriously! For almost Everything!! even something as simple as SWITCHING WEAPONS) which is unlikely to ever be fully fixed due to the very code structure of the world. Then there is bad servers, even worse matchmaking (massive problems in an always-online game), mind-numbing/monotonous quests, empty open world, shallow, spammy, over-flashy combat, bad AI, unsatisfying loot, an uninspired/ immersion breaking story, and a joke of an endgame. Honestly, im being generous with 2 stars because beneath all these rookie mistakes is a game that theoretically was made for me. I dont care what they add in the future give me a great game NOW! You had 6 years Bioware! Sadly after this you may have even less than that that.
It’s not as bad as you would think
it's really good
This game is for ages 10 and up, its fun but pretty violently made. I still stand by 10 years of age
fun, action packed shooter. I think its for kids 12 and up
No where near as gory and dark as far cry 5
Commonsense has no commonsense
PERFECT FOR 13 AND OLDER
common sense media overexagerates
Once again Common Sense Media exaggerates
Far cry new dawn is an excellent open world game, and parents should not be worried, for all blood can be turned off in settings. Most of the bad language in this game is on the radio, in songs, so as long as that is off, it will be fine for your child. Thanks for reading my review, and I hope parents aren’t mislead by common senses over-exaggerating review.
Like several fellow parents have said this game is not bad. It hasviolence but it isn't gory. It has some language but is mainly on the radio and it can be turned off.
This game is perfect for a child who is 13 years of age or older. I bought this game for my son, Jeremy who is 13 years old. I really don't understand why commonsense media gives this game 18 and up and why the esrb rates it "mature". First lets start of with the violence: There is shooting, it being a first person shooter makes that obvious, but there is no over the top violence. There is blood but there is no gore. Language wise: There is language on the radio, which is in pretty much in any game that has vehicles with radios, but other than not there really is little to none. Drugs: None Sex: None. I really hope that this helps, it is a very fun game that i think that your teens would LOVE!
i use common sense media a lot on things for my son but my son got this game for his birthdayand ive got to admit its not as bad as common sense media say it to be as its all about freedom and it may have gore but not as much as kids see on tv and films
The violence is the same as Halo. So if your child plays Halo it’s fine. There is no sex whatsoever and the swearing is only on the radio. Just tell your children not to use the radio and it’ll be fine.
It’s really cool!
One of the best Post-Apocalyptic game in a good while
a night girls
Very Good game
Good but has nudity.
I watched my son play this game for a while and the graphics are stunning. I’ve never seen anything like it. There’s a lot of violence and some language that’s mainly it . It looks really fun and I think if you have a good 13 year old or above it would be perfect.
If you looking for a Post-Apocalyptic game with the excellent graphic and gameplay mechanics, you will most definitely enjoy this one. One of the downside in my opinion is the English voice acting and I recommend changing the audio to Russian voice instead. P.S There are some nudity with topless girls later into the game, therefor the Sex rating is not accurate.
In the beginning of the game when he was talking in the train they show a night girls with pinky lights.
This is a good game for mature 10 year olds. My child and I loved this game And while there is a lot of swearing and violence, if your kid can filter it and is not easily scared then this is a good game
For the most part it is a great game but there is one area in the game that triggers a cinematic cutscene involving numerous female characters without clothing covering their upper bodies. The females are in the frame for maybe 30 seconds and aren’t seen afterwards.
The Textorcist: A Better Review
The Textorcist while Rife with what is obviously seen, blood, violence, heavily implied sex, obvious swearing, alcoholism. THE STORY, (as some people seem to be unable to recall EXISTS in the world today) Is simply put, a fallen priest who has true faith in god, on a mission to exorcise demons from our world. His name is Ray Bibbia, he has a history of violence and a gritty, dark demeanor, however as we follow his story, we find his faith renewed as he takes a pitfall from learning that he cannot kill demons to save his daughter, to redeeming himself by reconnecting with with his mentor from 20 years to find a way that he can. While Ray is not the EXCEEDINGLY great role model, doesn't everyone deserve a second chance to redeem themselves?
Tetris 99
Please read my review
Almost exactly like the original game Tetris but with in game purchases and on a screen...
I have rated this game 8 and up because of difficulty of play. There is no violence or bad language in this game, plus it is a free game so why not let your kid play it?
yee hay
hello again Yo kai watch 3 is a very great game with ease of play and good times for all but my ONLY warning the game uses the word hellish but if you are fine with swearing its a great game overall and you can get over powered "yo kai" by playing busters T where weaker players can get powerful yo kai from the start! and its a great game and is not one to miss! also there is discolored blood (witch is green) but over all its good!
The plot is the best part
While there are some dark tones, overall I believe the story encompasses hope and being a good person. There are some minor things, like some hyper sexual characters but overall it’s not super put in your face.
Better than fortnight as no silly dancing
Cartoonish Battle Royale similar to Overwatch
Similar to fortnite
Good
Kids over nine years old can play apex lengends (my opinion)
Let the teens flow
Amazing game that has little gore!
Not At All Violent, the most Popular Game on the Market!
Apex legends is not actually that violent
Has a little violence, but not tons
Great game with safe chat so it will never be unsafe
Similar to Fortnite
Very good
Non-Toxic Fun..for now
More realistic than Fortnite, requires a bit more teamwork, Not overly violent though.
Completely fine
Common sense is wrong!
Apex Legends
This game is awesome
New charactor loba
Game plays well and I can see it being very popular with preteen gamers. Its 1st person and slightly more graphical than fortnight but concept it very similar (be last alive). I have seen very little gore and game language seems to be very tame. Something to consider for under 13s. If you play solo or in a group of 2 you are forced into a group of 3 so 1 or 2 strangers. In most rounds I played (solo) the 2 random players did not have mics or was tame with there chat but I have had games where I have had abuse and some very vulgar language used towards me. I'm sure there is a mute function in game but tbh I have not looked as I just ignored them ( on ps4 entering private party chat alone or with friend will mute other players in game group) With the above said being my only concern that I have found I would happily let my 10 year old play but only with random players muted. You know your kids best I would say prob 12+ on this game but my 10 year old is mature for 10.
This game has seemingly replaced Fortnite in popularity, as I’ve noticed my son and his carpool switch the subject of their lengthy conversations to Apex Legends. I was hesitant at first, because the game is a branch off of the violent EA shooter Titanfall. When I saw the word “blood” in the MPAA rating, as well as CSM’s review, I was almost about to tell my 11 year old ‘no’. However, after watching several YouTube videos and reading abou the game, I saw a different side of things. The “blood” is short lasting, just a faint mist of red when using heavy weapons. There is no foul language unless your child’s teammates cuss, but voice chat can be toggled on/off in the settings. The fact that there is no sexual content in this game makes it even safer for kids. The closest thing to drugs and alcohol I could find was when the character pulls out a high tech syringe-type thing and (out-of-view) uses it to gain “health points” and heal. The game doesn’t really encourage any positive messages, but good teamwork will often result in winning the game, which is survival-style, and one elimination will keep you out for the rest of the match. My son, 11 years old, struggles to keep up with the fast paced action in the game, which seems to give him a disadvantage when it comes to escaping enemy fire. I don’t believe it to be any more addicting to kids then Fortnite, and with less bizarre dances and more action, it probably won’t have the uniqueness to remain a popular game for long.
Not alot of violence
Very similar to fortnite
It’s got a similar setup to call of duty but it’s really cartoonishly made and really similar to fortnite if you’re the parent of a ten or eleven year old you should probably let them play this game. there is one problem the voice chat, if you child can’t handle bad late e then I would recommed not getting this game because if your playing online with of kids or young adults the voice chat lets you curse sooooo! they can handle it, or do you not trust your child?!
This game is very good, it is appropriate to teens. There are possitive messages because this game focuses on team work. These characters are mostly good, but some have bad backstories. The game is pretty easy to play, but there is a lot of violence, due to the game being about a a battle royale. The language used by characters is fine, but online chat can lead to other people using bad language. You can also buy online currency to buy skins. There is some drug use, because when you heal up, you use some kind of syringe that inyects some kind of healing liquid. I don't know if that counts as drug use.
Parents should let their kids play this! It has little gore and improves their team building through coordination with teammates. This game has a great time setting that the whole family should enjoy! Get your kid this game for a team building game!
This free to play game is very popular right now, and most of my 7 year old friends are playing it. The game is very alike to "Fortnite". At fist, I worried about my young son playing this game, but he convinced me that all of his friends are playing it. He only gets on with his friends, and he has become much more social, because kids at his school play this game a lot. I think it is okay for mature 5 year olds or at most 10 year olds. I myself have played this game and it does not seem like any other first person shooter. The graphics make it seem more violent than it really is. The ease to play this game is kind of high, but other than that, any kids above 7 years of age should be okay to play Apex Legends.
I watch my son play this game and it is not all that violent sure you use guns but it is encouraging teamwork and communication to win. The blood is very minimal and it only shows up for about 2 seconds.
I have personally played Apex Legends, I think it is a fun game, but i would not recommend it for kids under 10 years old, simply because there is violence and sometimes people can be rude in the voice chat, but for the most part, people are nice enough and just want to play the game.
Many families find that letting their child play violent games is hard but this is so innocent and child-friendly. It has secure chat so you will never have to worry about online interactions and the violence is the worst thing. It isnt even that bad!
It is a lot like Fortnite and hear my kids friends saying about how their parents love the fact that it has not a lot of violence
My son loved this game it is for parents who's son is addicted to fortnite
Apex Legends is the next big thing in Battle Royal. Could it be the one to dethrone Fortnight? Possibly, it's definitely on track to surpass it. I feel there are a few things that hold Apex back from being the lone survivor in this battle royal. 1: Squads only - I love squads when I'm playing with people I know however when I am paired with randoms the fun is taken down a notch. That is due to a number of factors. Lack of communication being the main one. That one issue in turn leads to the other issues such as landing spot, respawning, etc. If they allowed a Duos or Solo mode I feel that could go a long way in boosting the game. 2: Weapon/Loot Spawns - It is definitely feast or famine when it comes to weapons and attachments/items. Even in the "High Tier Loot" sections it can be pretty barren unless you luck up. Many times you should expect to find a handgun of some form. Maybe an SMG if you are lucky. However the hand guns in this game are not much more than a placeholder or decoration as they don't do enough damage to keep you alive long(unless you come upon a poor soul who missed out on the initial landing grabfest). Randomness is to be expected but I feel they could drop a few more guns to start off with. Otherwise you could be in for a short game. 3: Ammo and lack thereof - The damage the guns put out isn't great and with shields/armor and bullet drop off it can be extremely difficult to down an opponent. Many times you'll find yourself with plenty of ammo for a gun you don't have or find the gun you want but ammo is nowhere to be found. Sure the game isn't supposed to be simple but when you have a gun but no ammo or it, it kind of takes away from the fun part. 4: Hit detection - Some hero's attract more bullets than others. Gibralter for instance is a sponge due to his size but a smaller legend like Lifeline is harder to hit. They are currently working on hit detection so this one should be fixed soon. That being said the positive outweighs the negative. You don't HAVE to spend real money to have fun. The skins are all purely cosmetic and do not change the game. Now while this game has a nice community we all know that once it gets more popular it will become more toxic with bullies and foul people. I'd say kids 12 and older would be fine on the game. Anyone younger would find some of the nuances of the game slightly difficult and due to the random people you get teamed with you might have the occasional creep so play with discernment.
Graphical Content: There is shooting involved/bullets, in a more realistic manner than Fortnite. However, I wouldn't call it overtly violent - there is no gore, actual blood that I've noticed, no brutal executions etc. No sexual content, drug use, nudity. Gameplay: Gameplay is enjoyable, I would say its a bit more team-focused than Fortnite. As of now you must be in a squad of 3 players every time you play, either with friends you know or the game will matchmake with other people. Vocal communication is a key part of securing victory within the game - Children may be exposed to unsuitable language in this case, but not more so than other online games. Playing with their friends would be advisable if this is a worry. Game is a bit more difficult than Fortnite I would say, there is no building aspect so you are forced to find cover rather than make it. There are also skills unique to each character "Legend" which are also a key part to winning games. Knowing when to use skills to support the team and also yourself is important and takes some time to learn. However, I wouldn't say its an overly difficult game to learn - kids who have played Fortnite should jump into it with relative ease.
This game is extremely fun and like fortnite except with a more succour voice chat systeam
It is so good and it should be ok for 7 years old And there’s not much blood and it is good tho teach kids to work as a team but some people on voice chat can swear but you can mute them so you can not hear them by pressing the button when you are choosing your legend.
In Apex Legends, players are put into teams of three (all users can communicate with each other through voice chat) and fight to be the last team standing. In order to survive, players must use any assortment of weapons, including guns, knives, fire, explosives, and gas. There is no gore except for blood splatter effects and minor blood stains. Most characters have positive goals and backgrounds. However, one character is a mad scientist who loves to watch his victims suffocate to death, but he’s explicitly marked as “not a hero”. Some characters say minor curses, such as “hell” and “damn”. Also consider that players can communicate through voice chat, which isn’t filtered. However, you can turn this into text, which is censored.
It is a game that involves strategy, team work, and focus this game is good for 8 and up
I think this game was wonderful when it was child friendly but now that there new season with charactor "loba" my child keeps asking if he may purchase the character and i think its sick to put that much "stuff" showing in a game like that!
