Amazing game, cultural norms of the 30s.
This game is very fun, although very difficult. 
Studio MDHR takes the beloved 1930s cartoon artstyle and makes a beautiful handcrafted experience that many kids and adults will enjoy. 
It also has a very catchy soundtrack that you will find yourself humming along with. 
The soundtrack is so catchy, there were many songs I knew without even playing the game.
The game, however, is one of the most difficult of it's time. 
The only game I recall being this hard is insane mode Path of Radiance, which was a long 
time ago. It will definitely induce rage, and will take a lot of time and practice to learn.
The only problems with this game, besides the difficulty, is the drug reference. 
The game has some background drinking, gambling, and smoking. In one boss fight, 
there is a background of a club, in which one cartoony character is seen smoking, as well as
 a boss that is a tipsy whiskey bottle. There is also a boss that has a pipe, and a boss that is a slowly burning cigarette.

Before a proper review, let me say this game is a reasonable hack-n-slash for 13+. Mostly a hum-drum RPG with the classic, single-player mechanics and elements of a third-person fighter. If you're looking for outstanding gameplay or graphics, this is not your stop. If you're looking for thought-provoking story and might want to let your kids start questioning, wrestling with faith in a more controlled way...

Dragon's Dogma, in both iterations, is very much a Japanese game at heart. The story and the reason for the character's journey are heavily centered around purpose. Your heart is stolen by the titular Dragon. You are removed from humanity and fated never to die, save by battle. Now apart, the purpose for which the character sets out is to recover their heart, their humanity, and understand why the Dragon chose them.
(Spoilers Ahead)
What the story resolves into is a statement about the difference between those that simply flow along and those who seek to understand their reason for being, and perhaps even exert influence (their will) over that existence.
Upon reaching the Dragon, the character is offered an admittedly hamfisted choice: betray your most beloved for fame, fortune, and renown, or challenge the Dragon to reclaim your heart and truly break your shackles. If one chooses to fight the Dragon, and defeats him, they are rewarded with their heart and a little hint. Seek the truth at the world's utmost depths.
The full, true journey sees the character standing before a sit-in for God, asked if they will take on the burden of being a battery for Creation. Not God Himself, but an energy source to keep his work alive. Why this has been set in place is never explained. However, the underlying message is clear: Do not simply sit and flow along and accept, but question and challenge and understand.
Faith is not a matter of being spoon-fed; this is why God gave us free will. We are to question, to wrestle, and to seek any other perspective we can. That is the message of this game, in its own strange, keenly Japanese delivery. This site, as usual, has not done justice in their short-sighted review.