Fine For Younger Kids, If They Can Beat It
Okay, so, this is a Critical Compendium, a phrase which here means “a shorter analysis of something than usual”. It will be, as usual, divided into Parental Guidance and Quality.

Parental Guidance:

Alright, so, how can any of the bosses be considered scary? I’ve read all the reviews, and at least half of them say that the bosses can be scary for younger kids, and… okay. Maybe the devil, ‘cause, uh, he’s the devil, but otherwise… no. They aren’t. What, does some kid have a phobia of Nazi rats? (Yeah, that’s a boss.) Other than… y’know, THE DEVIL, nothing is scary, and, really people? Hell is not a curse word, it's a biblical place. Also, period smoking and drinking, and very mildly at that. Plus, they’re frogs. Anyway, Cuphead is not an inappropriate game. It’s E10+ for a reason, and that’s mild drinking and smoking. Seriously. Grow up.

Quality:

Okay, so, y’know how I said that A Series of Unfortunate Events was the best piece of media of all time? Yeah, I had for

Cuphead is a kids game... but with the difficulty of something so much more challenging
By any standards, cuphead is a thrilling (yet arguably challenging) game. It features two main characters: Cuphead and his similar aged brother, Mugman.

What you need to know: Cuphead is made by the company Studio MDHR and is based on 1930’s cartoons, the type of game that doesn’t portray blood or flesh to its audience. Cuphead is an Indie game (which means it isn’t made by prosperous companies such as EA or Sony) and bases it’s storyline in selling souls to the devil in order to regain one's own.

The Storyline: Cuphead and Mugman are living in the Inkwell Isle under the influence of their parent/carer, the Elder Kettle. One day the two excited boys venture off away and accidentally stumble upon the Devils Casino, where they play an abundance of games with the character King Dice, the devil comes in after a lucky winning streak and makes an offer that the boys can have all the money from the Casino off they win this game

Amazing for mature kids!
I think that this is a really fun game for kids who will not take any of this to seriously. The only bad things is the gambling and one level with the word "Hell" in it. And if you are a person who takes Catholic or Christian beliefs seriously, I don't recommend this. It involves the devil and there is one level where the main villain shoots out what appears to be the illuminate (Not like the company, sorry for my bad spelling.) But other than that it is a fun problem solving game with cool graphics that parents I think will love. I really recommend this!
