really fun game
I recommend it but it is really complicated and you have to read alot but really fun game.
great game
I dont think anyone will play this game because it is so old but if you have a ps4 you should get it. it is an awesome game realy graphic in some cut scenes and the only place to pilot it in the robot its ''underside". im only 11 so my age restriction would not make sense but i played borderlands at 4 or 5.great game not much gore ace out
Best RPG I've ever played
It’s one of the best games for teens+.
This is by far the best RPG I've ever played. I've been playing since it first came out in 2017 and I've had nothing but a positive experience. It has a meaningful storyline, great three dimensional characters, a unique combat system and outstanding graphics. It's an absolutely amazing and well-rounded game. As for whether your child should play this game, I'd say they should be 13+. While there is violence, it's nothing crazy gory. However, there are several sex scenes that happen depending on what NPCs you choose to have in your party. If you get stuck in a sex scene, there is nothing graphic and it can be easily skipped over. There are a few suggestive themes, such as prostitution, drug cartels, etc, but it's nothing major and shouldn't be too much of a problem for a kid playing (I got to the prostitution part as a 12 year old and it was fine, albeit a little awkward to play through with my dad). RATINGS Graphics: 10 Story: 10 Controls: 9 Gameplay: 10 Total: 9.75 CONTENT Drugs/smoking: Yes, minor / unavoidable Suggestive content: Yes, minor / avoidable Violence: Yes, major / unavoidable Swearing: No Consumerism: No Hope this helps!
My friend encouraged me to buy this game. I was hesitant because of the price, but I gave in and I purchased it. It’s very exciting. You need to make good choices to get good results. If you steal, you get into fights. You have to earn your way to the top, and it’s very enjoyable. Yes, like any other game there is violence. There’s also ale, beer, etc., but it doesn’t encourage you to drink. Rarely any swearing. A really good RPG!
Super fun action platformer.
Well-made game with great personality. It's content is family friendly on every front except that some of its enemies are briefly refereed to as demons. There isn't anything graphic or overly scary. Enemies simply disappear when hit. One other reason I wouldn't recommend this too younger players is the difficulty. Some areas and bosses require quick reactions and precision platforming. Definitely a great purchase if you're looking for a challenging and light-hearted adventure.
Good game but really hard
A Fantastic Fantasy Action-RPG!
I think this game if fine for 10 year olds. The game only has slight bit of blood but is a good challenge. You could sort of say this game has a good message by making you not want to give up. Warning the game is not easy
This game is fantastic and kept me busy for hours! The first important thing to say is this game can be very hard, especially new players or young players. In terms of violence it is very fantasy based but there is sometimes blood when you hit the monsters with your weapons. There is no swearing as far as I'm aware. Overall I would recommend this game to any teen-adult that owns a Switch! 10/10
hehe time to destroy!
Cute Little Puzzle Game!
Nice game to chill out with
this game is fun and absolutely incredible yes sir play a round its fun there's nothing bad about it its a game about being a hole and destroy everything its great play it!
I LOVE donut county in it's entirety. It requires a mind that thinks outside the box (which is why I think it is for children 9 and up), and requires you to be able to manipulate the mechanics of the game, and I appreciate Ben Esposito for that. I didn't really pay attention to the story, but there were some parts where I just wanted to see what happened next. Most of the cutscenes are in a single setting (referred to as 'Nine Hundred Ninety Nine Feet Below'), but at the end (minor spoilers) you return to the surface to mess around with interactable credits. Overall, the game is a yes.
Donut County is a really simple easy game. Your goal is to try to make your sinkhole bigger and swallow larger things. The story is quite entertaining and I kind of wish it was longer.
