Great game, a little violence, nothing to bad
One of the best spider man games
It’s fun for everyone
If kids know how to handle certain things the game is fine.
This game is great. I waited 2 years for it and it is totally worth it. The game is great and even though it might seem complex at first (with the controls) you get used to it. The story is great and easy to follow for little kids, but also very immersive for older kids. Spidey never kills, although a big character dies in the end. Overall was great and I was very sad when I finished the story because it was so good. Peter is also a good role model, always wanting to help people. Only words like 'Da*n and A*s are in the dialogue, and they do say sh*t once, but it is a background character and will be easily ignored by kids. If your kids doesn't really know about these swears it will completely go over there head. And for older kids it wont be that big of a deal. Like I said before, a great game. It also takes a while to beat, and the open world just adds to the story.
Really good game: amazing storyline, graphics etc The rating of 16 is a bit tough as there’s only punching and I’d say if anything it should have the same rating as an actual spider man film. The main storyline is about a new gang after Spider-Man takes down the previous one there is a little gun violence and non graphic scenes showing terroism that is serious however it gives the game stakes. Therefore I would rate the game 8+ but probably I would advise not showing some scenes to young children unless accompanied by an adult Great game and is suitable for younger audiences over the age of 8 with a some level of maturity.
Very good game, although there is a bit of violence it's fine for 10 and up.
This is a very fun game, extremely exciting, great story and brilliant graphics, the controls and combos can be difficult at times, there isn’t much violence, at least compared to other games, some enemies are armed with guns, but that’s about it, if you have a kid with a PS4 this would be a great gift for them for their birthday or Christmas or something
If your a big spider man fan this game is perfect for fun combat good story and the webs stick to buildings, the sinister six is great I'm not gonna tell you the leader though. I'm still getting used to combat and the web slinging but overall fun game.
Very fun game
The best game probably
This game is super fun and its good for most ages
I love this game it’s got swords but please it has no blood so it’s fine. I’ve played this game for over 500 hours and I still find things to do.
Better than 2K
This game is good for a EA Sports game, the gameplay is more fun than 2K, TD Garden and Madison Square Garden is in the game, I enjoy playing this game and is more realistic than 2K.
Amazing
Best Destiny DLC
CSM sucks
SUPER FUN
Good Game. Moderate Swearing and Violence.
Good game for anyone 11 and up
The game is terrific! I've been playing for almost 3 years now (in September) The first game was amazing also, the controls are just like any other FPS and there's a double jump system. The blood in the game is honestly absent in my idea, the only thing I can think of is when you headshot other types of enemies sometimes their life-force, (Vex milk, Fallen ether) will come out but its nothing that you'll be scarred from for sure. The only language that's really bad is, Hell and I think Damn but that's it. The models are very good because you are the chosen one by the Nine to defend the Last City from different alien races such as the Fallen, Vex, Scorn, Hive, the Taken, and the Cabal. The game mechanics are simple, Everything with infusing, power levels, modding your weapons/armor, and classes and subclasses can be really confusing but once you get it all figured out it can be really easy to understand.
This is the best DLC and video game in history. But it is the most frightening and mature one in the Destiny saga. plenty of scary aliens and a beloved character is killed by a bullet to the chest and is left dying and bleeding out in agony in your arms. there is also stronger language in this than the other Destiny games, the strongest word in this game is "Son of a Bitch"
so just going to refute your point about the ethics of revenge in this game. the whole theme is: is revenge right? morally: uldren is being minipulated. is it right to kill him? it isn't because of you are "wasting your time" it's because you run the risk of becoming a hate-twisted monster. the "Thin line" a hand cannon lore entry as evidence: "Thin Line- (legendary Hand cannon) Sometimes you forget which side you're on. Your Ghost makes a list of the things he wishes he could say to you. "Talk to me about how you feel." "I wish we would go home." "You're on a rampage, and I'm not comfortable with it." "I don't think this is why the Traveler chose you." "You know I'll never leave you, right?" "But sometimes… I don't like the look in your eyes." Every day, the list grows longer. "I'm here. I'm still here." "Are you still here?" "I don't want to lose you to this." "I love you." I conclude my case with this statement. why does the ending cutscene end with your ghost begging for uldren's life saying, and I quote: "this isn't the right way" oh wait, I just remembered you don't play the games you review. because your review looks like you read the two sentences in the eververse store and watched the trailers instead of experiencing the story yourselves.
I LOVE this game! there is shooter violence but you don't see much blood. SUPER FUN GAME!
Its really not that bad. The game obviously has issues, but all games have one or two. Content wise, i would say its good for pre-teens and up, maybe 10+ if your kid is a bit mature. The language includes a few uses of damn and hell scattered throughout, and one use of Son of a B--ch in the cut scene after the first mission. the Violence is frequent, however no blood is shown. when you shoot an specific cabal enemy called the legionary in the head and kill it via said method, black goop shoots out of the helmet. this is later clarified in a mission in the EDZ that it is oil used to power their suit, but this could easily be mistaken for blood. otherwise, its just enemies falling to the ground or flying in the air after going boom. the only thing i would watch out for would be online interactions. as almost anyone who has ever talked with a random stranger online for ore than a few minutes, people can be rather vulgar. I feel that anyone under 13 should probably not be using voice chat, but its ultimately up to the parent to judge weather or not your kid is ready. Positive messages/ role models include the fact you are fighting for a noble cause, as well as role models of multiple ethnicities, genders, and races (human, robotic, and alien). Micro transactions are in the game, however these are all cosmetic and are not essential to progress.
I think that Destiny is a game for anyone over the age of 11 because apart from slight violence (shooting and combat) there isn't anything bad. Sure there might be some mild swearing but it isn't as bad as the other games. It's a really fun game and me and my friends all play together in the co-op mode.
