This game is good and promotes diversity and gives all kids a relatable character
First off let me say that Apex Legends is my favorite game and it is far better than Fortnite both by gameplay and by messages. This game not only has the battle royale mode but a PVE(Playing against AI/the game rather than other players)
If you are worried about swearing then it is very easy to make it so that random squadmates(you have to play either duos or trios) are muted so they can't talk to your child and that means your child can't hear them swear or hear them at all.
Like I said above you can only play trios or duos(no solos) and that is because the game focuses more on teamwork and it teaches kids that you can't win by doing everything yourself(like you can in Fortnite) but you need to work together and combine your abilities to defeat other squads.
Now, you might be thinking that your kid will get really mad when they lose(maybe you have had or heard some fortnite horror stories) but people just seem more relaxed in Apex. I rarely get mad at games but I do see myself in other battle royales feeling a small bit of anger when I lose but in Apex the most mad me and my friends have ever got is saying "Oh dang it we were so close!" And the only time we yell is sometimes you can get caught by surprise and we yell out of fright/surprise.
Now you might be wondering why I said it promotes diversity and that is because it is the first battle royale to have such a diverse background and I will list the diverse cast of the characters(there backgrounds and what they do)

This game is so teamwork based and that is the awesome thing about it! You have to decide which combo of legends(characters) will work and it shows how everyone is good in some way as every legend is good in different scenarios. For example one of the combos that is really good is Caustic &amp; Watson(along with any third legend) because if you want to play more hiding and holding down a house or bunker or some indoor area then you can use Caustic's gas barrels to block the doors and trap them up and you can also use Watson's gates to do the same things whilst using Watson's plyons to block all grenades, ablities and shots being thrown at you through windows you can use Reveant in that situation because his Death Totem can give you good extra health that is much needed if you are shooting out a window. You could also use Loba because her Black Market let's you pick up healing from the area outside without having to leave the safety(and comprise your position) of your house. Her teleport rings can also let you quickly run out on a quick scouting mission or to get a few blasts in on another team and then quickly teleport back to your house and the same goes for using Wraith's skills that way. You can also use Lifeline to heal people and give extra healing to you within the saftey of your house. But if you want more high paced action with more battles and more running at people then go with people like Bangalore, Wraith, Mirage, Octance, Lifeline, Reveant or Loba because Mirage's decoys help and Bangalore's smoke let's you cause confusion and get into and out of battles quickly same goes for Wraith and Octane's skills and then Reveant is good for damage dealing whilst Loba let's you get loot quick so you can get right to action and Lifeline gives you on the go healing and quicker revives which helps for a high paced/always running type of play.
Some people on these reviews I see complain about the way that the syringes &amp; med kits are bad because they look like drug injectors but actually what they are going for is the futuristic style with you being able to heal yourself super quickly(like the Bacta &amp; Kolto shots that people get in Star Wars or the quick heals given in Star Trek) so they mean to go futuristic not drugs(this also goes for the thing Octane injects to go faster)
I hope this has been helpful to the people who read this(since you just read this monsterly long review a wrote)