Skip to content About Bulgaria Geographic location Traditional cuisine History Nature Lifestyle and Culture State Structure and Economy Destinations Cities Villages Resorts EDEN destinations in Bulgaria Routes Tourism types Cultural Tourism Ecological Tourism Sea Tourism Mountain/Ski Tourism Balneology SPA and Wellness Wine and Cuisine Adventurous Tourism Rural Tourism Congress Tourism Camping Tourism Sites Under the Aegis of UNESCO Multimedia Video Brochures Gallery Virtual walks Useful Frequently Asked Questions Visas and Border Control Communications Transport Healthcare Services Currency Information User Rights and Security Time zone Consumer Commission Hotline 0700 111 22 bg en de ru Kiten Share on facebook Presentation Opening hours How to get there Servising Practical information Tourist information center Contacts ?The town of Kiten is located at the Black Sea shore at a distance of only 5 kilometers from the town of Primorsko and about 55 kilometers south of Burgas city.
The population of the town is only 1000 people but the town revives in summer due to the multiple tourists who choose Kiten for their summer vacation.
The average temperature in July is 23-24° ? and one of the advantages of the town is the unique combination of sea and mountains Strandzha.
The other advantages are the two wonderful bays – Karaagach and Atliman and the wide seashores.
The northern beach also known as Atliman is located at the end of the bay and is covered in beautiful sand dunes.
The southern bay Urdoviza is divided into two beaches – Kiten South and Camping Kiten.
In ancient times there used to be a settlement located at the same place where Kiten now lies – its fortress walls were preserved to the present day and have been restored.
Today’s settlement was founded in 1932.
The name Kiten was given because the town looks like a bunch of flowers kitka in Bulgarian when viewed from a distance.
During archaeological studies of the southern bay many findings were discovered such as stone tools bone tools and pottery which can be seen in the museum of Sozopol.
A legend tells the story of Stana Urdovizka – a girl who was famous for her beauty she lived in the Urdoviza fortress in the first years of the Ottoman Dominion of Bulgaria.
She was so beautiful that the Ottoman sultan captivated by her beauty proposed to her to marry him.
The girl agreed – but in one condition – that the Sultan exempts of all taxes the Bulgarian lands which a rider on a ‘flying’ horse can cover from sunrise to sunset.
The sultan agreed.
One morning the girl left with her horse and roamed the forests and ravines all day.
At dusk when she almost toured the whole Strandzha mountain she rode towards the black seashore.
When she reached the bay her horse collapsed dead the beautiful girl of Urdoviz died of fatigue too.
The local population was exempted of taxes and the location was called Atliman Bay Horse bay.
Nowadays Kiten is a nice resort where everyone can find their way into the many private hotels guest houses holiday stations and campsites.
The unique combination of mountains and sea the wide beaches with various attractions fishing opportunities etc.
offer an unforgettable holiday.
The dining and the recreational centers are numerous and diverse – restaurants pizzerias taverns bars and discos.
The resort proximity to Primorsko increases the accommodation and recreation options.
The Ropotamo reserve is located in the vicinity.
Attractive boat trips are offered at the Ropotamo river.
Nobody gets bored at the beaches of Kiten and Primorsko – here you can surf hire a jet dive play beach volleyball or practice other sports or just tan and relax.
The river flowing into the sea near Kiten – Karaagach – is rich in fish and is a favorite spot for the fishermen staying at the resort.
Opening hours Opening hours of the Town Hall of Kiten 08.00 am – 12.00 am and 01.00 pm – 05.00 pm Days-off Saturday and Sunday Contacts Contacts with the Town Hall of Kiten Tel +359 550 36805 e-mail email protected Website https//e-kiten.bg/ ?TOURIST INFORMATION CENTER – BURGAS Contacts Tel +359 56 825772 Tel +359 56 841542 e-mail email protected Website https//www.gotoburgas.com/bg/index/static/35 Hristo Botev Str.
city of Burgas by the Theater for Opera Drama and Ballet Services The Tourist Information Center – city of Burgas maintains a detailed data base of all available natural cultural architectural and historical landmarks on the territory of Burgas Municipality.
The center performs coordination between various entrepreneurs for forming of as abundant as possible tourist product develops advertising materials and represents the Burgas Municipality at regional national and international tourist markets and expositions.
The TIC provides information about natural landmarks museums and historical monuments cultural institutes cultural and sports events tourist routes hotels and other accommodation places in Burgas and the surrounding areas catering and entertainment establishments sports places tourist agencies and tour operators transport and communications health establishments banks and financial institutions.
Virtual map Pictures Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten Kiten © All images advertising and video materials and/or other information published on this website are property of the Ministry of Tourism and are protected by the Law on Copyright and Related Rights according to the Bulgarian laws to all applicable international and relevant acts of the European Union.
Multimedia Multimedia brochures We recommend you to see Sinemorets Read more The Burgas Museum of Ethnography Read more Historical Museum town of Malko Tarnovo Read more St.
Ivan St.
John Island Sozopol Read more Fire Dancing Read more Useful relationships Transport The weather Time zone Exchange rate Accessibility Privacy Policy Useful links Ministry of Tourism Embassies Consumer Commission National tourist information Center Sofia 1000 Sveta Nedelya Square 1 Contacts Follow us Facebook Youtube Instagram © All rights reserved.
A DISCOVERY TO SHARE Ministry of Tourism of the Republic of Bulgaria This web site uses cookies.
By clicking Allow All? you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation.
Check out our Privacy Policy.
Accept Reject bg en de ru About Bulgaria Geographic Location History Nature Lifestyle and Culture State Structure and Economy Destinations Cities Villages Resorts EDEN destinations in Bulgaria Routes Tourism types Cultural Tourism Ecological Tourism Sea Tourism Mountain/Ski Tourism Balneology SPA and Wellness Wine and Cuisine Adventurous Tourism Rural Tourism Congress Tourism Camping Tourism Sites Under the Aegis of UNESCO Multimedia Video Brochures Gallery Virtual walks Useful Frequently Asked Questions Visas and Border Control Communications Transport Healthcare Services Currency Information User Rights and Security ?????? ????? ?? ????????? ?? ?????? ?? ??????????? 0700 111 22 Facebook Youtube Instagram bg en de ru About Bulgaria Geographic Location History Nature Lifestyle and Culture State Structure and Economy Destinations Cities Villages Resorts EDEN destinations in Bulgaria Routes Tourism types Cultural Tourism Ecological Tourism Sea Tourism Mountain/Ski Tourism Balneology SPA and Wellness Wine and Cuisine Adventurous Tourism Rural Tourism Congress Tourism Camping Tourism Sites Under the Aegis of UNESCO Multimedia Video Brochures Gallery Virtual walks Useful Frequently Asked Questions Visas and Border Control Communications Transport Healthcare Services Currency Information User Rights and Security Consumer Commission Hotline 0700 111 22 Facebook Youtube Instagram Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible.
Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable If you disable this cookie we will not be able to save your preferences.
This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All Save Settings.
