Accurate skyrim review. In's and out's!
I find a lot of the other reviewers have inaccurate reviews with things written that aren't very true. This is the best game I have ever played and I think people need to play this but need accurate info about it first.................

Sex-First of all I have never seen any nudity or sex depicted and can't think of one time when there was even a reference to sex. You can get married in the game. Also I know that if the game is being played on a PC there are mods available that make NPCs nude but that would have to be sought out then installed to actually see. Overall sex and nudity is a 0/10.....................

Drugs/ Alcohol- the use of drugs and alcohol is very minimal. I've ran into a skooma dealer twice in my 650+ hrs of gameplay. Also there is one quest where you can go into a cabin in the woods and see people under the influence of it. Also there is wine or mead or ale for sale at some places but the only quest where you can actually get drunk is where you have a drinking contest. Overall anything involving drugs or alcohol is such a minimal part of the game that it is barely noticeable. 2/10 at worst................

Swearing - swearing is barely noticeable as there is only about 3 swear words through the entire game and even then it's only words like d*mn, sh*t, and b*tch instead of c**t, c**k, or f**k.....................

Magic/occult/gods - there is extensive use of magic in skyrim and it would be hard to do anything in skyrim without seeing one of these things. On the other side of this you don't have to use magic yourself and don't have to become a vampire or a werewolf. You could also play the game as a good Mage or a person that fights evil creatures and makes the world better. There are many quest that involve magic or occult but many are avoidable. Overall this category is 8/10 this category only really matters to religious people though or people that want to avoid these type of things................

Violence - violence is unavoidable in almost every quest although most of the time you can chose to only do quest where you kill monsters and animals not humans. Also blood can be turned off in the settings or less violent methods can be used in the game such as ice spells instead of swords and "shouts" (Fus Ro Dah) (Yol) instead of bows. Overall Violence is 7/10 normally and 3or4/10 if you avoid killing humans and use less violent methods..................

Morals- this is where it gets difficult. Depending on the path you choose the morals could be a good influence or a bad. For example you could join the dawnguard and keep the world free from vampires and save people or you could become a vampire lord yourself and kill people yourself. Also there are some pretty gritty quests like the ring of nimira quest that has to do with cannabilism and the dark brotherhood quest line... Although I think that in both cases you can chose to appose and destroy these organizations/cults or join them. I know that I have done a play through as a good character and as a bad one making completely different decisions. I think that this really depends on the kid that is playing and how mature they are. Overall I would rate morals 5/10...............

OVERALL - skyrim can be pretty gritty at some points but can often be avoided. Sex and drugs are extremely minimal. If you play the game like its meant to then its 6.5/10 for overall 'badness' but this can be tamed in many ways and be lowered to 4/10. This game really isn't that bad for any mature kid over 10. Also kids (or adults) with addictive personalities are probably best to stay away from this game or at least have their time monitored as it is one of the most addictive games I have ever played or that I know of. It has taken years from my life playing it over and over again. (I know I have at least 650 hrs+ on separate machines and have friends that are even worse than me).................

I hope this review helped you make an informed decision and sorry for any spelling mistakes or grammatical errors as I'm writing this pretty late at night. Ps. This game is meant to have a 5 star rating but my ipad is glitching and will only let me do 4 star for some reason. :)