Amazing game! Not for ages 14 or below.
I am 17 years old, and I have been playing skyrim for about a year now. It is by far one of my favorite games, and perhaps Bethesda's greatest work yet. It has tons of quests and story lines that change your game completely, your every action affecting your outcomes. That being said, I do not find it appropriate for children or even young teens. While some gameplay can be safe for a younger audience to watch, there are many quests that can warp a child or young teen. You may not see this in the beginning of the game, or even in the first 10 or so hours. Draugrs, for example, may frighten children under 12. They are like walking mummies in the movies, only more graphic. Dark brotherhood quests can be extremely disturbing, and could honestly bother some 15 or 16 year olds. It is rather violent, given the fact that you can kill just about anyone in the game, and there are many you must kill. The game may seem okay when for younger gamers when you're just above ground, killing wolves, but when you start exploring tombs, keeps, and other complex quests, there is too much content that is not at all appropriate. There are entire quests centered on necromancy, or raising the dead, for example. These types of quests make up the entire game, so please consider that. Also, there is torture in the game. The dark brotherhood has their very own torture chamber, complete with torture victims. I believe there are other quests with torture, but I have not gotten to those yet, as there are hundreds of quests. The language is very mild, but there is some. That is up to the decision of the parents on how appropriate the language is. There is some drinking, but no more than what is seen in real life. Each town has a drunk or two. There is a drug, skooma, which your character can become addicted to. It is sold by khajiits, taken from bandits, prisoners, ect. Skooma is also illegal in skyrim, so it represents real drugs. There are a couple of references to bondage and some scantily clad women, but there is not too much obvious sexual content. There is one mission in riften where the dragonborn must find a woman's married sexual partners and confront her about them. In the quest, you can find a note labeled "until next time" vaguely and laughably describing one of her encounters. You can also find a book by her bedside called "the lusty argonian maid" which is sarcastic and most children would not understand it. I do not find this game at all suitable for children 14 and under. If your child is under 11, I would not suggest allowing them to see you, or their older siblings, playing this game. Ages of 15 and 16 are arguable, and parents should carefully decide whether their child is mature enough for it at those ages. Also, if your teen has a violent nature, you may want to bring that into consideration. It is rated M for a good reason, and while it may seem innocent at first, there are far too many things that can be seen in the hundreds of hours of gameplay that are not for kids. However, for older teens, given they are mature, it can help to increase decision making skills. Many of the events are references to actual historical events and people. It may help to bring a better understanding of history and society. Be careful if your teen is easily immersed, because even I find myself wanting to press a button to collect a flower or mushroom, or holding up my "magic" if I get startled. It is very easy to get lost in skyrim, feeling like it is reality. Overall Skyrim is an amazing game, but please wait until your child is 15 before even considering it for them. Again, some content in skyrim is fine, but there are a lot of quests that would be terrible for a child to stumble upon. If you aren't willing to go through at least 50 hours of gameplay to figure this out, please do not ignore the rating system and reviews of people who have played much of the game. And do not listen to reviews of kids who should not even been playing this game. Most of them haven't played enough to know all of the content.