The Actual Truth From a Hard Core Gamer
Some of these reviews are obviously made by parents that just kind of glanced at it while the kid played, so here's one from someone who has spent over 120 hours playing it. This game is probably something I'd even play around kids, but not something I'd let them play by themselves until they got a little older depending on their curiosity level. The reason why being exactly how immersive this game truly is. I've been playing this game since it came out back in 2011 (it is currently 2019 while I make this post) and I have still not seen everything there is to see in the game. Now, that makes for a terrific game, but it also makes it very difficult to put a real rating on it. You are never confident that the kids will not find something that is truly not for the eyes of children. The main story line, which is something kids are likely to stick on, has violence and smash talk, and that is it. The violence is unrealistic (you see blood, but it...just play the game, you'll see what I mean) and mostly directed towards creatures that are considered evil and you find main characters slaying in children's fairy tails - skeletons, dragons, ghosts, vampires, etc. However, two of the guilds have frequent killing of actual playable races and your character is also kind of forced to choose a side in the civil war (insert more smash talk). These people are also considered evil. Everything else, you have to seriously look for.

Sexual content: getting married, there is none. Playing the game, there is none. Curiously running around all the holds and collecting books for your library, however, and you can pick up books that have erotic literature. The most well known of these being the book "The Lusty Argonian Maid". So like I said, depending on how curious your child is and how likely they are to truly look around and immerse themselves in the lore, this game might not be for them.

The swearing in the game is pretty much just lore. They don't say the F bomb, but are likely to call other races names because of the blatant racism. These names are all kid friendly, like "cat" and "lizard". You might get the S word of the D word every once in a while, but they are few and far between, and let's be honest...you can talk to your kid about language a lot easier than some other things we'd like to shelter them from.

The drug in the game is skooma. Unless they really looked into the lore, they're not likely to even understand it's anything but juice. The previous games in the elder scrolls series is actually what made me know that skooma was an illegal drug, because the previous games are much more obvious about it. Skyrim, however, is not. You just kind of find it and somewhere along the line hear "maybe don't try to sell that stuff". End of drugs. The alcohol is a lot more prevalent. You can walk into breweries, pick up ale, etc. There is one quest where you get drunk and had a wild night, but everything is just kind of hinted and you don't actually witness anything bad.

I hope this makes it easier to decide. I would've been able to play this game at 8 years old and never even come close to seeing any of the things I mentioned today. Mostly because 8 year olds don't realize they can run away from the main story line and play side stuff. It's likely to go straight over their heads. But for some kids who are a little more mature and curious? Perhaps wait until they're in high school.