The Actual Truth From a Hard Core Gamer
Some of these reviews are obviously made by parents that just kind of glanced at it while the kid played, so here's one from someone who has spent over 120 hours playing it. This game is probably something I'd even play around kids, but not something I'd let them play by themselves until they got a little older depending on their curiosity level. The reason why being exactly how immersive this game truly is. I've been playing this game since it came out back in 2011 (it is currently 2019 while I make this post) and I have still not seen everything there is to see in the game. Now, that makes for a terrific game, but it also makes it very difficult to put a real rating on it. You are never confident that the kids will not find something that is truly not for the eyes of children. The main story line, which is something kids are likely to stick on, has violence and smash talk, and that is it. The violence is unrealistic (you see blood, but it...just play the game, you'll see what I mean) and mostly directed towards creatures that are considered evil and you find main characters slaying in children's fairy tails - skeletons, dragons, ghosts, vampires, etc. However, two of the guilds have frequent killing of actual playable races and your character is also kind of forced to choose a side in the civil war (insert more smash talk). These people are also considered evil. Everything else, you have to seriously look for.

Sexual content: getting married, there is none. Playing the game, there is none. Curiously running around all the holds and collecting books for your library, however, and you can pick up books that have erotic literature. The most well known of these being the book "The Lusty Argonian Maid". So like I said, depending on how curious your child is and how likely they are to truly look around and immerse themselves in the lore, this game might not be for them.

The swearing in the game is pretty much just lore. They don't say the F bomb, but are likely to call other races names because of the blatant racism. These names are all kid friendly, like "cat" and "lizard". You might get the S word of the D word every once in a while, but they are few and far between, and let's be honest...you can talk to your kid about language a lot easier than some other things we'd like to shelter them from.

The drug in the game is skooma. Unless they really looked into the lore, they're not likely to even understand it's anything but juice. The previous games in the elder scrolls series is actually what made me know that skooma was an illegal drug, because the previous games are much more obvious about it. Skyrim, however, is not. You just kind of find it and somewhere along the line hear "maybe don't try to sell that stuff". End of drugs. The alcohol is a lot more prevalent. You can walk into breweries, pick up ale, etc. There is one quest where you get drunk and had a wild night, but everything is just kind of hinted and you don't actually witness anything bad.

I hope this makes it easier to decide. I would've been able to play this game at 8 years old and never even come close to seeing any of the things I mentioned today. Mostly because 8 year olds don't realize they can run away from the main story line and play side stuff. It's likely to go straight over their heads. But for some kids who are a little more mature and curious? Perhaps wait until they're in high school.

Massive game that can be different every time you play: Age 12-13+
Simply put, This is an extremly well made game. The people who must set the ratings for games must always be cautious since there are some pretty overprotective parents and very squeamish games out there, so there could be alot of hate if the game was rated T and it had only one thing worthy of an M rating in it.
Violence: The game is full of it, although it is not like Call Of Duty and other similar game where the only goal is to kill. There is much much more to the game than that. I recently made a new profile for the game with a challenge to kill as few "Humans" as possible. By that i mean humanoid since most characters are not human(im pretty sure the Humans are the Nords or the Imperials). My point is that you are not required to kill people. The only things i think you NEED to kill to advance are the occasional Dragon attacks on towns, but that is much different than killing people. Yes, there are bountys that you can find out about where you must search for a bandit outpost and kill the leader, but im not sure if you NEED to kill all the other guards around him too. Obviously it is very helpfull to do that since haveing 2 or more bandits attacking you with 7 foot long battle hammers can get your health donw pretty quick if you dont do anything about it.
Violence(Continued): The game is much different than many other games where its possible for most everyone you meet to die and be gone from your game forever, although some characters are invincible since the are so important to the main story. It is possible to have an emotional attatchment to some characters, so seeing them die from a bandit or seeing their body after an intense battle with a dragon canbe sad. Of course, when i say "emotional attatchment" to a character i dont mean anything close to something in real life. Its about as emotiona as a game like thia can be, which technically isnt too much compred to many many other things.
Violence(Continued again): Torture are gore....well...not much of that is in this. There are times where is has shown a person being beat and there is a small amount of gore compared to the average PG-13 movie. Ussualy the only time you will see ANYTHING gorey is if your searching for it like a weirdo, and there is also one quest that i have done so far that is the investigation of a serial killer in Windhelm where there is a body that has been slashed up and there is a lityle blood trail you must follow, but it isnt HD blood or anything. Its basically just some dark red patches scattered here ad there that lead somewhere. Then near the end of the quest where you find the killer's hideout, he does have a few journals that you can take an read. Im just warning everyone who hasnt done it it that the journals are kinda messed and im not actually sure how much some other people would be ok with it....the name of the mission is called "Blood On the Ice" in the city Windhelm in case you may be wondering. Its not actually THAT bad, but i know some people are alot more sensitive than others, especially with the amazing way the game just sucks you into it where you really feel like your part of the story
Sex: There are very few parts where this has to do with anything. There are times where it implies about something like this, but i so far have not seen anything that outright talks about sex. There is more sexual content in a PG-13 movie. "Blood On The Ice" does actually have some references to this. It does not really say anything outright, but it give implications of it. The body that you must investigate is a young woman who is only in her undergarments, and in the story there was 2 other murders too, both of which were young women who were stripped to undergarments then slashed up. Then theres the occasional reference to "sleeping with" and some NPC do flirt, although so far i have seen there is actually no way to talk to the NPC about it. Yes, there is marriage, but i have not done anything with that yet and i probably never will since a wife that always follows me around will slow me down and ruin my tatics from when i sneak into dungeons and kill eveeything in it before they even know im there(I hope im not offending any women here, im only insulting the AI for the NPC and some gameplay mechanics)

Tip: You should max out your Sneaking upgrades as well as your One-Handed since then you wll oneshot literally ANYONE that you want to kill if you can secretly sneak up behind them and do a sneak attack with a Dagger since it multiplies the damage 15 times.(Note: One-Handed skill mean the skill of useing a one-handed weapon. High One-Handed skill will mean you do alot of damage with weapons you can use one hand to use)

Drugs: There is this one thing called Skooma, which is the drugs of the Elder Scrolls universe i guess. I am currently level 40 as of July 17 2016 and i have not even SEEN any of it. The only real time i even heard a NPC prisoner say something about it was when i got sent to jail by mistake in city thats in the far South-West corner of the map(I think it is called Markarth, exactly sure though)

Ease to play: At first the controls are kinda weird since most games have the jump button as "A" where it is easy to reach and instead it is "Y"(I play xbox 360),but once i got used to it i realized that the botton setuo was actually much much better for what you do in the game. I pretty much only use jumping for when i ge stuck in a little glitched out hole or to glitch-climb up mountains and rocks to escape Trolls, Bears, Sabre Cats, Giants, Mammoths, and other tough enemies. And also to get a better angle to sneak attack someone with my bow. Moving around is the standard controls other games use for xbox, and i assume PC has the WASD format as well.

Other: I suppose someone could make the argument that kids learn how to work with money and save it to get a bigger reward instead of blowing it on cheap crappy stuff, but in real life you dont go around shooting Lightning out of you hands like The Emperor then grabbing gold from the bodies of undead dungeon guards, or shouting so loudly that everything in front of you falls down so you can come in with a massive hammer to crush everyone.

Note: Id like you people who didnt consider this before to maybe rethink some thoughts you had on "Adult" reveiws. Many of them look like 12 year olds wrote them. Pay attention to grammar and capitalizaion, because iv noticed in the years that have been doing many things online that most adults will ussually write in complete sentences while younger people will not even bother with periods or spelling and will use internet slang and will have run-on sentences cuz they dont care at all and all that stuff and they will give opinions wity you reasonings to back it up and really no punctuation at all which is really really really really really reLly really annoying also may write way too many duplicate words like "so" or "really" which is so so so so so annoying now i realie this is not always the case some kids may have great grammar and adults have crappy grammar bc they has come from another contry.

Note: Im not actually 18+, but i felt my reveiw would be seen more by the people who actually determin weather their kid can play this or not since thy probabky dont look at the kids' reveiws much, which kinda sucks. Knowing how kids and/or teens think will really help you understand way about how to react to something relating to them.