Future Game of the Year
One of the best games you can find around. Where you can cast exploding fireball spells, to creating your very one sword for profit. Now for the appropriateness. Now the game came out today (11/11/11) so don't expect 100% accuracy. ESRB was reasonable about the gore rating. People get sentance to death via beheading. On of the one handed perks even gives a %30 percent chance of decafatation. I haven't notice much sex talk, yet. And you can consume alcohol, such as wine. One thing is for certain, they made their own illegal drug called "Skooma" which CS somehow failed to mention in Skyrim and Oblivion. You can even find Skooma dealers on the roads and buy the stuff from them. Or you can walk away. I one time found a skooma dealer that talked about how good skooma was. I said "This doesn't sound legal." Then she tried to kill me so she fell victim to my mighty axe! It does have slow motion animation killings sometimes. For example one time when I was facing a wolf, I picked it up and slammed my axe on it. The dragons and giants can be brutal though. There is video of a dragon biting an archer, swinging him around, then chucked him across the field. The giants just stomp on you and slam their clubs. But they are pretty terrifying. Not ghost story terrifying, they can like kill you in one shot of their club so yea, they're pretty powerful. The funny part about them is that there is a very common glitch where when a giant kills you, you go flying a mile into the sky. You also get to choose whether you fight te defend the people, or be a serial killer. Though if you choose evil, you get a bounty on you meaning that the guards will want to see in prison. Also, if your bounty is high enough, they wont even give you the opportunity to surrender, they'll just attack you on sight. In other words, this game is amazing!

EDIT: If you choose evil, there are ways to avoid bounties. You only get a bounty if you are caught by someone else committing crimes. You can monitor wether or not you are being watched when in sneak mode because it has a little eye thing that tells you if you are hidden, at risk of detection, or detected. I even took advantage of that and robbed a meat stand in brood daylight when a guard was just a couple yards away and avoid a bounty by only robbing when I was hidden. I have found some sex talk. It was woman upset over her husband thinking he was sleeping with some other woman. There is racism. The Stormcloakcs, (rebels who want independence from the empire,) only want Nords in Skyrim, and the citizens in Windhelm hate anyone who is not a Nord, primarily Dark Elves and Argonians (lizard people.) There is torture. I got a quest to spy on the Thalmor, (A group of elves that for some reason hate the worship of a god known as Talos,) they were hitting a man with a mace to get information. Just be happy I busted that guy out. Their are guilds you can join. The Companions, legendary mercenaries, College of Winterhold, good guys that teach magic, but are disrespected, Thieves Guild, a group of thieves, and Dark Brotherhood, hired assassins. There is also a political conflict with wether or not Skyrim should go independent. Stormcloaks, rebels who want independence, they are angry at the empire for banning the worship of Talos, and believe that the Nordic way of life is in danger, but are racist and only want Nords in Skyrim. The Imperial Army wants Skyrim to still be part of the empire, they'll let anyone be in Skyrim and want to uphold the peoples safety, but conflicts with the Nordic way of life and were forced to ban the worship of Talos, thanks to the Thalmor. You get to choose witch side you want to take. There is even achievements for completing their quest lines. Hopefully this edit helps you to decide even more.