× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Innsbruck - attractions with dogs Innsbruck - attractions with dogs Innsbruck was waiting for us covered in dark clouds but this didn’t bring us down.
Hostel Jugendherberge Innsbruck on Reichenauerstrasse wasn’t hard to find it lies not far from the motorway.
It’s also close enough to walk to the city centre.
This won’t be necessary told us the nice receptionist as the bus station is right in front of the hostel.
A bus with a mark O drives to the city centre.
So we said goodbye to the car for a few days and left it at the hostel’s parking lot.
Hostel is also pet friendly and that is the main reason why we chose it.
It has perfect location to take a walk with a dog.
Behind the hostel is the Inn river and a cycling and walking path runs next to it.
You can take this path to the city centre and be there in a little less than an hour.
We got the room in the first floor with two bunk beds and a river view.
It has an interesting solution of a private bathroom.
It’s not in the room but only a step away in the opposite side of the hallway.
A big lobby is inviting you with comfortable sofas and free wi-fi.
You can also hang out play a board game watch TV in the smaller room with a library or at a nearby garden with a few tables.
Laundry room kitchen and luggage room can also be useful for someone.
The breakfast room isn’t very big but it is very well organized so it doesn’t get crowded.
The offer is diverse so everyone finds something for themselves.
The hostel is popular throughout the year so the reservation is recommended.
There’s a food store nearby and also the biggest shopping centre in Innsbruck.
City temptations The capital of the Austrian state Tirol is one of the most beautiful Alpine cities and one of the most visited cities in Austria which we quickly realised in the city centre.
Here you can see city hall arch of triumph dedicated to Maria Theresa churches and museums.
Goldenes Dachl Golden Roof is getting special attention.
It got the name after the roof above the balcony which was built for the Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I so he could watch the events on the main square in every weather.
Around the square you will find halls with many stores and restaurants.
You can not be hungry in Innsbruck there are so many choices and they’re not all expensive.
We were searching for something sweet and were amazed by a little confectionery which offered strudel.
But they didn’t offer only apfel strudel apple strudel there were about 10 different kinds and unfortunately we couldn’t try them all.
There also wasn’t enough time to get the famous Sacher cake which is as popular and at home here as in Vienna.
In 1999 they opened the prestigious coffee shop Sacher where it’s always crowded despite the steep prices.
A lot of times there’s a line before the coffee shop and people wait for the free table.
Sacher cake was created in 1832 by 16-year-old Franz Sacher.
The recipe still remains a family secret.
Well everyone knows there’s an apricot jam in the chocolate cake but the magic is in the details.
In Austria they make at least 1000 Sacher cakes per day.
And the cake is even more delicious with cream and coffee or tea.
In Christmas time Innsbruck also lives the holiday magic.
Stalls are set up on the main shopping street Maria-Theresien Strasse at the end of November and are set up till the 6th of January.
Of course you can’t skip mulled wine or punch.
Sports Paradise The city got its name after many bridges that cross the river Inn some of them are true architectural masterpieces.
An architectural masterpiece is also the funicular that drives partially under ground and rises 300 metres above the city to Hungerburg.
The funicular was projected by the famous architect Zaha Hadid and the ride is a special event.
From the upper station you can continue your way with a gondola which takes you all the way to the mountain Hafelekar 2256 metres.
There’s also a ski slope with one of the steepest tracks in Europe.
Taking a gondola makes sense in nice weather otherwise you will only admire clouds and fog.
Innsbruck hosted Olympic games twice in 1964 and in 1976.
The most famous inheritance of the Olympic games is the ski jump Bergisel.
Four Hills Tournament takes place here every year.
It was updated in 2003 and is definitely worth a visit.
It lies just above the city and the view from the panoramic restaurant is amazing.
You can get to the top by an elevator or by funicular.
You can watch the spectacular jumps all the time he jumpers fly into the valley a few times a day.
Innsbruck is first class sports city where you can try a lot.
You can go rafting tour ski or paraglide.
The ski slopes are located near the city and about 40 kilometres away there’s the biggest Austrian glacier Stubai where you can ski from October to July.
The city is also on the crossroad between Italy and Germany.
Less than an hour away is the German ski centre Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
You can also take an unusual trip not far away.
You will find the Swarovski crystal factory in Wattens and a combination of a theme park modern art gallery a store and much more is inviting the visitors to the Swarovski Crystal Worlds.
It might be more suitable for women.
But it’s definitely very popular and I recommend you to come early around 10 a.m.
when they open it.
There’s a regular bus from Innsbruck and it’s another reason to purchase the Innsbruck city card.
You will be able to enter most of the city attractions with the card and you also get the access to public transport with all the gondolas and funiculars.
Related articles Show More Book things to do attractions and tours with 10% discount Subscribe Journalist Igor Fabjan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
