× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Christmas Markets and Holiday Vienna Christmas Markets and Holiday Vienna Vienna in Christmas is one of the European cities that we simply must visit at least once.
It is known for being beautifully decorated every year and that many stands and markets are just waiting for us to visit.
We can’t just skip a cup of punch that we can order almost everywhere this time of the year.
Christmas markets have long history that goes back in medieval times.
First markets were mentioned in 14th century.
In Vienna they were called December Markets and were mentioned in 1294.
Markets offer Christmas cookies baked almonds mulled wine and egg punch.
This year I was given the opportunity to visit Vienna.
From the middle of November people can visit Christmas Vienna when the time comes that makes everything more beautiful and magical.
It lasts until the end of advent.
On many squares in Vienna we can find markets where we can buy Christmas deserts mulled wine punch or tea.
On Mary-Therese Square Maria-Theresien Platz we can visit Christmas Village that is located between Natural History Museum and Art History Museum.
The village is offering us handmade gifts that can be an inspiration for our own creativity or we can simply buy the presents and give something special and personal.
We can also visit both museums that are also architectural beauties both built between 1872 and 1891.
Natural History Museum is one of the most important museums in the world as collecting for the museum started 250 years ago.
Today it offers more than 30 million exhibit pieces.
The museums stand right next to each other and look almost the same.
Not far away you can visit ‘’fairyland’’ on Rathausplatz where you can visit 150 stands that offer Christmas gift choices ornaments for a Christmas tree sweets or something to eat and drink to warm yourself in cold Vienna.
The square is decorated with thousands of lights each street is decorated differently.
City Hall is shining from all the lights and you can also have a look at the whole Vienna from the tower.
City Hall was built between 1872 and 1883 and is currently being renovated.
Across from it there is a huge park.
You can also visit a theatre a parliament and a university from the square.
There are also many street performers on the square and the most exciting thing – a 30 metre high Christmas tree that weighs 5 tons.
In the square Stephansplatz there are also a lot of events.
We can find a market and a big Christmas tree with many lights.
Stephansplatz was named after one of the tallest churches in the world – Stephansdom that was recently renovated.
We can also have a look on Christmas Vienna from the top of it there is also big Christmas crib inside.
Across from Stephansdom there is a good example of modern architecture – Haas-Haus that gives a contrast between medieval and modern architecture.
From the square we can go to a lot of shopping streets where you can buy ridiculously expensive tree ornaments or you can go Christmas shopping in one of the wallet-friendly stores.
A big Christmas market is also near the Schönbrunn palace that was home to Habsburg emperors from 18th century until 1918.
The palace is today under UNESCO.
Choirs and musical groups sing Christmas songs in front of the palace as they have a stage right under the Christmas tree.
They took care of the children also – there are many workshops organized for them where they can make gifts bake Christmas cookies and gingerbread biscuits.
Tours and advent walks are also organized.
The look of Christmas Schönbrunn is majestic the look from the hill will not disappoint.
Christmas markets can be found on every square – Karlsplatz Riesenradplatz Belvedere Square and Spittelberg should not be left out.
You can also find a Christmas market completely by accident if you walk around Vienna.
It is a fact that Vienna is beautiful all year round but it is magical in Christmas time.
Holiday spirit will not be possible to hide whether you’re an adult or a child.
Visit hihostels.com to book hostels in Vienna.
Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Kaja Kren Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
