Home Home Towns cities & culture Towns & cities UNESCO World Heritage Shopping Museums Palaces parks & gardens Music & shows Food & Drink Jewish Traveler Traditions and customs TOP 100 Learning German Leisure and recreation Natural landscapes Hiking Germanys islands Health & wellness Cycling Scenic routes Spiritual travel Specials Home of the car Medicine Creative Christmas Family attractions Luther Travel information Germany at a glance Useful facts Along the way Accommodation Federal states Campsite search Germany for ...
Young people Families LGBT 50+ Travellers Business travel Trade fairs Conferences in Germany Events Events Barrier-free travel Barrier-free travel Sustainable travel Sustainable travel Media gallery Media gallery About us Press Trade Is this your country? No Yes Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia/Herzegovina Brasil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Language English Deutsch Français Home ms TOP 100 content Wernigerode Wernigerode ©Investitions- und Marketinggesellschaft Sachsen-Anhalt mbH info Please select...
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Bavarian Forest National Park Berlin Wall Berlin Zoo Berlins Museum Island Brandenburg Gate Cochem Castle Düsseldorfs old quarter Eltz Castle Geierlay rope bridge Golden Hall in Augsburg Hofbräuhaus beer hall Lake Constance Marienplatz Michelstadt Oktoberfest Rüdesheim am Rhein Ulm Minster Wernigerode Wildpark Bad Mergentheim Zugspitze das Deutsche Eck government quarter in Berlin the Loreley Photos | 360° videos 77 German National Tourist Board Visitors Choice 2017 Wernigerode townhall Discover the TOP 100 at www.germany.travel/top100 Wernigerode Visible from afar romantic Wernigerode Castle towers high above the little town north of the Harz mountains.
It’s just one of many highlights on every corner in and around Wernigerode – especially in the restored old town with its colourful timber-framed houses.
Built as a fortress destroyed during the Thirty Years’ War rebuilt as a royal residence Wernigerode Castle in the Harz region has an eventful history culminating in a fabulous conversion at the end of the 19th century.
Visitors feel transported back in time on a tour through the 40 partly originally furnished rooms while the surrounding parks are just perfect for a stroll.
Experience these little gems Things are a bit less stately but all the more colourful in the old town.
The town hall one of the most beautiful in the whole of Europe the Wonky House almost twice as wonky as the Tower of Pisa the smallest house with its tiny museum just three of the treasures that make a stroll through the lanes unforgettable.
The same applies to a trip on the nearby Harz narrow gauge steam trains and the wildlife park below the castle the Hasseröder holiday park and the Planet Trail confirm that the whole of Wernigerode is an experience.
Useful fact the tourist information offers special tours for example with a sign language interpreter.
Copyrights Home ms TOP 100 content Wernigerode top of page Search at germany.travel Discover Destination Germany with our interactive map 0 My travel planner Site map | Legal notice Data protection Search at germany.travel Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Find us on YouTube Scan the Snapcode with your mobile device and find us on Snapchat E-Mail Newsletter Thank you! Youre almost there You will now receive an email with your registered data.
Please click on the link in the newsletter to confirm.
You will then be signed up to our newsletter.
Please fill in all required fields.
Salutation optional Mr Ms Select country * Argentina Australia Austria Belgium FR Belgium NL Bosnia/Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria China Mainland China South China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Hong Kong Hungary Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand USA United Arab Emirates United Kingdom By sending this form I consent to the storage processing of my data for direct marketing including profiling and tracking clicks and forwarding of my data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
I can withdraw my consent at any time.
If you do not tick the checkbox it signals that you object to the storage processing and forwarding of your data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
As such we will no longer be able to send you our newsletter for data privacy reasons * * required field Further information about newsletter sign-up This newsletter is a free service from Destination Germany.
We will tell you about the latest offers events new features on our website and up-to-date reports on Destination Germany.
Our newsletter may contain links to external websites run by our partners in the tourism industry and they may use tracking tools.
Until further notice we will use the information you have provided to send you our newsletter.
Your information will also be passed on to Wilken Rechenzentrum GmbH for this purpose.
We are using a double opt-in procedure for your security and for documentation purposes.
We will send you an email containing a confirmation link that you need to click on.
Only then will your data be stored accordingly and processed for dialogue marketing.
If you do not confirm by clicking on the link your data will be erased within 56 days.
You can withdraw from being sent the newsletter or from your data being stored and/or processed at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the bottom of every newsletter or by sending us an email.
Unsere Broschüren jetzt online blättern und herunterladen × Copyrights close.
