Home Home Towns cities & culture Towns & cities UNESCO World Heritage Shopping Museums Palaces parks & gardens Music & shows Food & Drink Jewish Traveler Traditions and customs TOP 100 Learning German Leisure and recreation Natural landscapes Hiking Germanys islands Health & wellness Cycling Scenic routes Spiritual travel Specials Home of the car Medicine Creative Christmas Family attractions Luther Travel information Germany at a glance Useful facts Along the way Accommodation Federal states Campsite search Germany for ...
Young people Families LGBT 50+ Travellers Business travel Trade fairs Conferences in Germany Events Events Barrier-free travel Barrier-free travel Sustainable travel Sustainable travel Media gallery Media gallery About us Press Trade Is this your country? No Yes Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia/Herzegovina Brasil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Language English Deutsch Français Home ms TOP 100 content Michelstadt Michelstadt townhall ©Kulturamt Stadt Michelstadt info Please select...
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Bavarian Forest National Park Berlin Wall Berlin Zoo Berlins Museum Island Brandenburg Gate Cochem Castle Düsseldorfs old quarter Eltz Castle Geierlay rope bridge Golden Hall in Augsburg Hofbräuhaus beer hall Lake Constance Marienplatz Michelstadt Oktoberfest Rüdesheim am Rhein Ulm Minster Wernigerode Wildpark Bad Mergentheim Zugspitze das Deutsche Eck government quarter in Berlin the Loreley Photos | 360° videos 46 German National Tourist Board Visitors Choice 2017 Michelstadt townhall Discover the TOP 100 at www.germany.travel/top100 Michelstadt.
Germany’s most original town hall There are plenty of historical town halls in Germany but probably the most beautiful of them all is the one in Michelstadt in the romantically situated Odenwald low mountain range.
You’d have to search far and wide to find one as fancy and unique as this.
The world around 1500 you could say it has been preserved true to the original here.
Incredibly romantic timber-framed buildings little crooked lanes pretty houses and the lively hustle and bustle around the market square.
And in between tiny shops lovely cafés bakeries cider pubs restaurants and no less than three breweries.
The town hall.
Simply magical.
In the centre is the historical town hall that looks like it’s straight out of a fairy tale film with its pointed gables and bay turrets.
The Diebsturm Thief’s Tower by the town wall which doesn’t have a door or window on the ground floor just like in the Rapunzel fairy tale goes perfectly with this.
If you take the Early Medieval Kellereihof Late Gothic town church ancient Einhards-Basilika and of course the legendary landscape of the Odenwald low mountain range too there’s just one thing for it go there yourself...
and be enchanted.
Copyrights Home ms TOP 100 content Michelstadt top of page Search at germany.travel Discover Destination Germany with our interactive map 0 My travel planner Site map | Legal notice Data protection Search at germany.travel Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Find us on YouTube Scan the Snapcode with your mobile device and find us on Snapchat E-Mail Newsletter Thank you! Youre almost there You will now receive an email with your registered data.
Please click on the link in the newsletter to confirm.
You will then be signed up to our newsletter.
Please fill in all required fields.
Salutation optional Mr Ms Select country * Argentina Australia Austria Belgium FR Belgium NL Bosnia/Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria China Mainland China South China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Hong Kong Hungary Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand USA United Arab Emirates United Kingdom By sending this form I consent to the storage processing of my data for direct marketing including profiling and tracking clicks and forwarding of my data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
I can withdraw my consent at any time.
If you do not tick the checkbox it signals that you object to the storage processing and forwarding of your data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
As such we will no longer be able to send you our newsletter for data privacy reasons * * required field Further information about newsletter sign-up This newsletter is a free service from Destination Germany.
We will tell you about the latest offers events new features on our website and up-to-date reports on Destination Germany.
Our newsletter may contain links to external websites run by our partners in the tourism industry and they may use tracking tools.
Until further notice we will use the information you have provided to send you our newsletter.
Your information will also be passed on to Wilken Rechenzentrum GmbH for this purpose.
We are using a double opt-in procedure for your security and for documentation purposes.
We will send you an email containing a confirmation link that you need to click on.
Only then will your data be stored accordingly and processed for dialogue marketing.
If you do not confirm by clicking on the link your data will be erased within 56 days.
You can withdraw from being sent the newsletter or from your data being stored and/or processed at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the bottom of every newsletter or by sending us an email.
Unsere Broschüren jetzt online blättern und herunterladen × Copyrights close.
