× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Visit the town of Mozartkugeln Visit the town of Mozartkugeln It was a cold Saturday morning.
A friend and I woke to the Ljubljana fog that –except for the cold – didnt feel wintery.
We put the last things in our backpacks and went to the station from where we should depart.
When all the travellers were gathered the bus driver turned the key and pressed the pedal so we were off to the 280 kilometre drive to Salzburg which passed by quickly.
In just over four hours with some short breaks we arrived to the city of the Mozartkugeln.
Under the magnificent mountains at the river of Salzach the city of Salzburg where history and art meet is located.
In the European scope the town with 15.000 people is easily explored.
You don’t need a mat just a bit of orientation and follow the smell of cinnamon and sound of yelling kids… and after dark the glow of lights.
You can’t get lost.
Mirabell palace We got off at the bus station under the hill of Festungsberg that dominates over the town and crossed the river of Salzach.
We crossed the river over the famous Makartsteg bridge where the railings are covered by padlocks placed there by couples in love who made sure their hearts stay together.
We continued towards the palace Mirabell and admired the beauty of carefully tended garden from far away.
The palace and the fortress Hohensalzburg are on top of the Festungsberg staring at each other with a beautiful garden between them also with the river and the city at the foot of the hill.
The palace was built in 1606 by the archbishop Wolf Dietrich von Raitenau who probably couldn’t imagine this will be turned into a concert hall four centuries later where theatre productions take place and where people come to get wed.
The palace is used by the mayor and the city council of Salzburg.
Even if you don’t get to see the inside of the palace you’ll be amazed by the exterior the architecture and the beautiful gardens under the protection of UNESCO.
Get your camera ready you’ll have much work for it as there are many moments that should be captured and framed.
Mozart’s birth house and residence We again crossed the river Salzach but on one of the many other bridges and returned to the foot of the mountain.
As you just can’t leave the town without tasting the birth place of one of the biggest composers the Mozartkugel we went and had some.
And I tell you there’s no place in the world where they would taste the same as in the birth town of Mozart in his house sitting on the sofa listening to a gifted musician while at work.
It was as if young Mozart got reborn to play just for the two of us.
The house where on January 27th in 1756 the famous Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart first saw the light of the day is located in the Getreidegasse.
You can see many documents and portraits of the family and also their instruments.
There is also a residence in the town where Mozart lived between 1773 and 1780.
It is located yet again on the other side of the river Salzach and there you can walk among his instruments notes and furniture.
Fortress Hohensalzburg On top of the hill Festungsberg stands a mighty 11th century fortress.
It’s one of the town symbols and the largest perfectly preserved medieval European fortress.
You can walk to the fortress and lose your breath or you can leave the city hustle and get to the mighty walls in matter of minutes by taking the cable cart.
We took the cart.
The view from the fortress is magnificent and all the – just a moment before mighty – buildings seem to be made of lego bricks and the people as ants.
You can also go and see the inside of the fortress where the visitors get to explore the bishop’s chapel golden hall golden chamber and the bishop’s bed chambers with original furniture and interior design.
We didn’t enter because we rather went to explore the Christmas fair in the courtyard and marvelled at the town from almost bird’s eye view.
Old heart of Salzburg The town gets its Christmas image in the second half of November already and attracts people from near and far.
They offer tours of exploring the city for several days and you can visit the beer museum Stiegl Stiegl Brauwelt the natural history museum Haus der Natur Red Bull Hangar-7 or go to the old salt mine in Halleinu pri Salzburgu.
If you decide to stay for a few days I suggest you make yourself comfortable in one of the city’s four HI hostels that will welcome you under their roof.
The town is also a great one day city escape.
Seeing the main attractions hanging around cafés drinking hot chocolate eating Mozartkugeln and sipping Gluhwein are especially magical in the days of advent in the city of Salzburg.
You can also visit the skate ring in the centre of the town usually attracting children of all ages.
Around the skating ring – especially after dark – there are people with frosty noses and in gloves enjoying a glass or two of warm cooked wine.
Just a few metres away there’s two colourfully decorated Christmas trees inviting you to enter one of the largest Christmas fairs with a rich variety of homemade specialities.
I will definitely remember Salzburg as the city with the smell of cinnamon and for the nice and joyful people who live there and share their warmth despite freezing winter cold.
Related articles Show More Book things to do attractions and tours with 10% discount Subscribe Journalist Nastja Stropnik Naveršnik Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
