× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria The paradise for extreme sportsmen The paradise for extreme sportsmen The paradise for extreme sportsmen and nature lovers The whole-year round skiing slopes of Dachstein along with skiing boarding cross country and round skiing also offers the great starting point from where you can reach many of the tallest peaks.
The amazing cable cart rises above the might south wall of Dachstein over 1000 meters.
In a few minutes it takes you to the ski slope open all year round at the glacier on the elevation of 2700 meters.
On a clear day the view from the glacier is simply unbelievable.
But you don’t need to take the cable cart to reach the glacier.
You can walk the well-marked mountain paths the ferata or some of the climbing options.
And to reach the cable cart at Türlwandhütte 1700m you can take a mountain road from Schladming some 18 kilometres away.
So you can get there by car it’s a popular spot for bikers and you can reach it also by bus.
The bus from the valley runs there few times a day regardless which season it is.
The three land’s mountain The area of Dachstein covers approximately 20 times 30 kilometres and features 10 peaks taller than 2500 meters.
The glacier is the biggest in the Northern Alps.
The limestone structure also features many caves among the better known are Mammuthhöhle and Hirlatzhöhle.
Both are among the biggest in Austria.
The area of Dachstein was along with Salzkammergut placed on the UNESCO natural heritage list in 1997.
Dachstein is also famous for many fossil finds which are still being explored today.
The tallest peak Hoher Dachstein 2995 m was first conquered in 1832 and is the tallest peak of Styria.
Today there are so many mountaineers visiting it they cause a regular traffic jam on the walking paths.
The peak is a very popular destination with many great paths leading up to is making it easy to reach.
They also call it the mountain of three lands as it is on the border of three Austrian lands – Salzburg Upper Austria and Styria.
A very special and especially popular among climbers is the south wall which measures 1000 meters.
Dachstein is also a popular spot for painters and photographers.
Unfortunately the glacier is facing a natural catastrophe since it has shrunk for 20 meters since 2003 and it is predicted to be gone about 80 years in the future.
Many ways to explore the glacier and mountains The cable cart from the mountain station Hunerkogel with a modern self-service panoramic restaurant is among the most beautiful overview points in the Eastern Alps.
The glacier features around 15 kilometres of skiing slopes and three ski lifts and a two seated cable.
There are also 15 kilometres of cross country tracks where many athletes go to for summer training when you can’t exercise the sport in the valley.
And there are several options for tour skiing on many levels – from extremely difficult to fairly easy ones.
Experienced guides lead these tour skiers.
Well maintained and marked are also hiking paths and climbing rocks.
And you can always hire a guide for any of them.
The ice palace One of the main attractions for tourists who do not undertake extreme sporting experience but come to visit the beautiful nature and view is the visit of the ice palace.
Inside the glacier they’ve carved halls sculptures and only equipped it with lights – everything else is ice.
It really is spectacular walking along the ice statutes inside ice halls.
On the walls you can also learn about the ice itself as you see different layers of it from naturally bright and almost clear ice to very dark ice.
There are also five sculptures who constantly tend to the ice creations by the help of irons and cutting tools.
The Dachstein with its high class tourist offer is a great place for sportsmen and nature lovers of all ages offering both activities and relaxation at the same time.
You can reach the glacier and many peaks all year around and spend time in a idyllic mountain world where all nature lovers will find something spectacular to feed their soul.
Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Mateja Mazgan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
