menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Jerusalem District » Jerusalem » Blogs » Yad Vashem Yad Vashem « Previous Entry Next Entry » Isreal Advertisement Middle East » Israel » Jerusalem District » Jerusalem May 1st 2018 Published May 2nd 2018Edit Blog Post Kristine On Her Own Bus stop Coming to Isreals official memorial to the victims of the Holocaust was a requirement for my trip and one I do not regret.
But first order of business I needed to get my Rav Kav card! What is it? The transportation card that allows you to use the bus/light rail system.
So off I went to find the central station.
I got onto bus 75 and the driver was so helpful.
He told me when to get off and where to go.
Into Central Station I went up to the 3rd floor and I followed the Rav Kav signs.
Got my number and waited in line.
Before I knew it my number was called.
Even though the clerk did not speak English we were able to communicate enough that I was given my card! How cool is that? I went to a kiosk and transferred money on it then off to grab the light rail to the museum.
Again people are so nice here! I asked a couple of ladies next to me about the stop I should take.
They were more than helpful and not only told me what stop to get off on but pointed me into Yad Veshem the right direction.
Off to the museum I went.
Entrance is free but there is a small charge to get the audio headphones in your language to hear a guide walk you through all the exhibits.
Words cannot describe this experience.
There were times of great difficulty for me and I needed to pass through quickly.
However I know that this is a place to come again and really take in those exhibits that I went by.
Pictures are not allowed and I had no desire to take any.
It seemed wrong to me to do so.
At the end you walk out onto a terrace to view Jerusalem and the view was breath taking! I do have that picture.
I then went to the Childrens Memorial.
Please look it up because I simply cannot describe it...it completely shattered me and the tears were flowing.
After that I needed to walk away to gather myself and just be.
I walked back to the rail station and got on the next train.
I decided to get off when I saw on the monitor Jaffa Square.
It sounded familiar so why not? After wandering for a bit View at the end of the tour I grabbed lunch at this corner shop.
I pointed to a picture of a falafel wrap and they gentleman behind the counter started putting it together.
He kept asking well gesturing since he didnt speak English if I wanted this or that.
I just nodded at everything! Lunch was great very filling and I couldnt finish it.
Then I found my way to a bus stop jumped on the 78 and within 6 stops I was back home! Honestly I have felt more nervous on the Max at home than I have here blindly using the public transportation! After a nap and contemplation of this mornings outing Lori came to sweep me off to dinner drinks and sights to see.
Meeting her has been such a great blessing! First off to the King David Hotel to have dinner and wine on the terrace.
Incredible views of the old city pared with incredible food and wine.
Next across the street to climb the tower at the YMCA.
Seriously the most opulent YMCA I have ever been in! 360° degree views of Jerusalem.
Then she whisked me away to the Waldorf Astoria for a drink and experience Lunch spot being in that beautiful lobby and bar.
After that a must visit to the Notre Dame hotel and up to the 4th floor to their wine and cheese bar.
There we had dessert and aperitifs.
I ordered orange creme brulee with lemoncello.
Yum! And again magnificent views of the old city.
What memories I am gathering...along with new friends to guide me.
This trip was so meant to be and without a doubt I am coming back! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 11 Displayed 11 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 5 Message Kristine B.
Kristine On Her Own 2019 is coming to an end and I just couldnt say goodbye to this last year without going out of the country at least once! Canada doesnt count...
Ive always wanted to go to Europe during the winter holiday season.
And...Ive heard the best Christmas Markets are in Vienna! So...Vienna here I come! Christmas markets wine tasting cooking classes art walks and a Mozart concert at the Palace are events that will be happening...so stay tuned for details and photos of my winter adventure! ...
full info Joined April 20th 2018 Trips 2 Last Login December 23rd 2019 Followers 5 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 14 Guestbook 16 Photos 243 Forum Posts 0 blog=1014986 blogger=382881 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1014986 blogger=382881 Advertisement Trips Isreal April 24th 2018 -» May 5th 2018 Vienna December 20th 2019 -» ongoing Lunch! View at the King David Hotel - walls of the old city! Bubbly at the Waldorf Astoria! Notre Dame View from the 4th floor at the Notre Dame hotel.
Lemoncello Orange Creme Brulee Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Jerusalem District » Jerusalem » Blogs » Yad Vashem Tot 1.169s Tpl 0.091s cc 9 qc 31 dbt 0.0181s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Kristine B.
Kristine On Her Own - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2897 ttl 3600 left 703 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
