Sharing is caring! Share Tweet Pin LinkedIn 0shares The perfect way to get outdoors in Sweden is by renting a cabin in Sweden to enjoy the beautiful Swedish nature that the country is well known for, slow down, and enjoy some omtanke. This post may contain compensated affiliate links. For more info please see our full disclosure here! Why Stay in a Cabin in Sweden? Sweden is well known for its great outdoors and beautiful nature. And although forestry is important to Sweden as an industry, it is one of the only countries in the world to buck the trend of de-forestation and actually plant more trees every year than it cuts down. Forests cover 57% of Sweden, making getting out into the woods and enjoying them an essential part of any visit to Sweden, and how better than by staying in a cabin or house in the middle of nature for some forest bathing or chilling out. We teamed up with our friends at Nature.house (known as Natuurhuisje in their home country of the Netherlands) to find out their tips for staying in a cabin and how choosing to stay in a sustainable house in the middle of nature can help the environment, too! There are many cabins along Sweden’s beautiful lakes (Image c. Nature.house) Nature.house: Adventure holidays in nature that help us save the planet Have you always longed for a trip in nature, away from the crowds and mass tourism? Dutch company Nature.house – nature.house, offers beautiful homes in the natural world, where you can live out your dream holiday completely away from the craziness of the big city. For all the nature lovers, here’s the best news: Nature.house plants a tree for every night you booked on their platform, and every newsletter subscription as well. A substantial part of all the accommodation on their website is sustainable, which also contributes to a greener life. The company has managed to compensate the CO2 emissions of more than half of all stays in 2018, making a small but significant step in the fight against climate change and more sustainable travel. Camping under starry skies in Sweden (Image c. Nature.house) Nature Houses & Cabins in Sweden Nature.house has some beautiful accommodations in Sweden. You can find typical wooden cottages in the Southern, Central, and Northern regions of the country. There are also a few very unique homes – treehouses above the ground and even a glass house on the water. To get closer with the locals, rent a farm or a country house. The themes in nature offer you the possibility to choose your perfect natural surrounding for your holiday, whether it’s homes by the water or near the sea, a secluded house deep in the woods, or in the mountain regions. You can stay in a bungalow with a veranda in front, where you can have your Swedish “Fika” break (a hot coffee and cinnamon bun!) while surveying the countryside around you. You can even stay in Sweden’s cabins in the snow! (Image c. Nature.house) Why is this concept so important for our life on Earth? Much of the wildlife on Earth is endangered, the biodiversity is severely threatened, and the at risk numbers are constantly increasing. If you look at research on the topic of sustainability, you’ll discover that planting trees is one of the most effective and efficient ways to stop climate change, and is a key part of any solution to protecting the planet. Nature.house are now working hard to reach their goal of planting 1 million trees by 2021. The countries where trees are planted are chosen carefully, looking at where the new trees have the greatest impact on the ecosystem and climate change. These are all African countries, namely Tanzania, Burkina Faso, and the 4th biggest island on Earth – Madagascar. These places, where the flora and fauna is threatened, will benefit the most because planting trees will ensure the biodiversity is kept alive and even enriched. This is also where the new trees will have the greatest impact on CO2 reduction. Another positive outcome is that the initiative supports the local economy by creating jobs for the local population. This way people can send their children back to school. The last project of Nature.house is especially connected to protecting the living environments of the birds that migrate to the African continent to find shelter and food. Why the migrating birds? The founders of Nature.house – Tim & Luuk, are two brothers who share a passion for bird watching. In 2009 Tim & Luuk decided to go to Extremadura, Spain for bird watching, but they couldn’t find a suitable accommodation outside the packed holiday parks. In the end they decided to find a way to fill the missing peace in the market and this is how Nature.house was born. Cosy interiors and lake views to wake up to (Image c. Nature.house) The experience you get with Nature.house When you stay in a home in the natural world you get the most out of your break. Away from the packed holiday parks, noisy cities and technology, it’s the perfect getaway. In nature you easily forget about your daily struggles and unplug from the hustle and bustle life. It’s your chance to reconnect with your inner self, find peace, and steer your life in a more positive direction. Once you stop focusing on what troubles you, you can finally start enjoying the small things in life. And, thanks to Nature.house’s environmental efforts, you make a contribution for the conservation of nature, which makes your holiday even more meaningful. Nature.house feature a range of accommodations, from holiday villas, to unique treehouses, yurts and bungalows, suitable for a range of budgets. You will find accommodations that differ in their level of luxury. Rent a primitive cabin with only the necessary facilities, or a spacious villa with private swimming pool, sauna, and jacuzzi. Since their mission is to connect people with nature, they are doing the best to eliminate the distraction from the outside world. If you need some time to disconnect with your usual environment completely, you can choose to stay in a house without a Wi-fi connection. This way you can focus on yourself and the beauty of nature. There are so many activities to be taken advantage of: Meditation in the most peaceful surroundings, observing wild animals from your cottage or cabin, walking around verdant meadows and rolling hills, hiking through the woods. Start your escape in nature today by finding your cabin or cottage on Nature.House. Have you stayed in the forests and woods of Sweden? Let us know in the comments below! Sharing is caring! Share Tweet Pin LinkedIn 0shares
Sharing is caring! Share Tweet Pin LinkedIn 2952shares The best way to travel from Chiang Mai to Bangkok is by train. Read on for our tips and advice for Chiang Mai to Bangkok by train, plus how to easily book tickets. This post contains compensated affiliate links. See our Editorial Policy and Privacy Policy for more info! A Brief Introduction to Train Travel in Thailand Trains are one of the most comfortable and enjoyable ways to get around Thailand. Forget freezing in air conditioned sleeper buses that seem to think they’re transporting items that need to be frozen, and instead sit back (or lie back) and watch the serene Thai country side roll past, or read your book as an attendant comes and nicely folds down your bed for the night. Travel by train in Thailand is low hassle, high comfort (especially on the brand new trains), and one of the best ways to take in the contrasting scenery. Plus, it’s the only way to be certain of skipping the traffic. There’s a certain air of nostalgia, too, about Thailand’s railways: Impossibly quaint signal boxes and station managers’ offices, rising above freshly swept platforms dotted with flower pots are the order of the day, completed by a picture of the Thai royal family at every station. What's In this Guide: A Brief Introduction to Train Travel in Thailand Taking the Train: Chiang Mai to Bangkok Journey Logistics: Chiang Mai to Bangkok by Train. Classes of Travel, Planning & Booking for Chiang Mai Bangkok Trains. Which Chiang Mai Bangkok Train Should I Take? Where to book Train Tickets in Thailand. Why Travel from Chiang Mai to Bangkok by Train? Frequently Asked Questions for Taking the Chiang Mai Train Taking the Train: Chiang Mai to Bangkok The trains from Chiang Mai to Bangkok are comfortable, usually efficient, and one of the best routes to enjoy Thai train travel on. I knew that when I returned in November last year, that it wouldn’t be long until I’d find myself back on the rails. When it comes to Train Travel in Asia, there are few countries where it’s easier or more comfortable to travel by train; the train journey over the river Kwai is unforgettable, and the best way to travel between Chiang Mai to Bangkok is by train. (We’re not biased, we promise…) Yet unfortunately, many travellers seem to be unaware of the options, or have been tarred by experiences of being ripped off by unscrupulous travel agents. Help is at hand though, and here I’m sharing my experiences and tips for taking the Chiang Mai Bangkok sleeper train – without being ripped off! Even better, train tickets can now be bought online, saving the hassle, thanks to the ever helpful asian booking site – 12go.asia – get your tickets here. Looking to travel from Bangkok to Chiang Mai by Night Train? The information about the trains and experience in this post about the Chiang Mai Bangkok train also apply; heading towards to Chiang Mai the super rapid express leaves Bangkok Hualamphong Station at 08.30am daily. Book your tickets now on 12go.asia here! Fresh faced on arrival in Bangkok! Journey Logistics: Chiang Mai to Bangkok by Train. I love falling asleep on sleeper trains. I find that there’s something soothing about the motion of the train on the rails. This journey, from Chiang Mai to Bangkok, is perfect for just that. The Chiang Mai to Bangkok train journey takes around 12 hours, if you take the express / super rapid option. There’s a choice of two express trains: one leaving at 5pm and one leaving at 6pm from Chiang Mai. There are also a couple of slower trains available that leave earlier in the day, but these tend to arrive in Bangkok in the middle of the night, and are older trains. The express trains arrive in Bangkok at 05.25 and 06.25am respectively, although both times that I’ve taken the train from Chaing Mai to Bangkok, it was about an hour late. Either way, the length of the journey is perfect for getting a good amount of shut-eye! Time to relax and catch up on journalling! A few hours into the journey, train staff come around and pull down the upper bunks, convert the lower bunks, and make-up the beds with clean linen. Both times I’ve taken this train, I’ve opted for second class sleeper: so I can’t attest to first class luxury, but 2nd class has always been a wonderful experience for me. Arriving into Bangkok in the early morning, this time I was greeted with a ruby-red sunrise, creeping through the gaps in-between skyscrapers and flyovers as we crawled into Bangkok. Walking out into the early morning sunshine from Bangkok’s Hualamphong station provides a rare chance to see the city in a cleaner early morning light: after street life has already begun, but before other travellers are up! I’d also enjoy doing the reverse journey, taking the sleeper train from Bangkok to Chiang Mai, where the early morning view is of the mountains and countryside houses surrounding Chiang Mai, as opposed to the concrete jungle of Bangkok. Love train travel? Find some of our favourite scenic train journeys in this post. Inside a new 2nd Class AC sleeper carriage on the 6pm Chiang Mai – Bangkok route. Classes of Travel, Planning & Booking for Chiang Mai Bangkok Trains. I recently read an account by another blogger who’d been scammed into buying two first class tickets (at a huge markup) so that she could have the first class sleeper compartment to herself and “avoid sharing with an unknown male”. A few points that will help avoid this sort of scam: First class compartments – if you’re a solo traveller you may be paired up to share the compartment but only with someone of the same sex—solo travellers of different genders will not be paired up by Thai Railways. Most foreigners opt for second class (air conditioned) where there are no compartments but sleepers are open plan, have privacy curtains, and are very comfortable. Train tickets open for booking a maximum of 60 days ahead. Some companies may offer to book further out for you, but they can only actually make the reservation when ticket sales are opened by Thai Railways 60 days in advance of travel. Powered by 12Go Asia system Which Chiang Mai Bangkok Train Should I Take? There are several Chiang Mai to Bangkok day trains you can choose, or three Chiang Mai to Bangkok Night trains. There are also different classes of trains in Thailand, from Rapid (far from it) to Special Express. Train number 10 that departs at 6pm daily is the most popular and fastest train to Bangkok. Thai Railways timetable courtesy railway.co.th Day Trains The day trains from Chiang Mai to Bangkok generally use older rolling stick, with cheaper sitting classes available that are fan / not air conditioned. These options are perfect for those with time on their hands, want to get the most of seeing the countryside, or are after the best value seat. These trains also take longer than the faster night trains, taking up to 15 hours to run the journey with more frequent stops. Day Train options include the 06.30 and the 08.50 departure from Chiang Mai. As you can see from the Chiang Mai to Bangkok train timetable below, only those wanting the truly scenic experience should take train number 102. Night Trains Sleeper trains from Chiang Mai to Bangkok leave daily at 15.30, 17.00 and 18.00. Train number 14 at 17.00 is a slightly older version of the 18.00 express, while train number 52 at 15.30 is a slower, older version again. For those who want the chance to take photographs through an open window, the 15.30 departure is a good bet – train number 10 is fully air conditioned and has sealed windows and doors. Where to book Train Tickets in Thailand. If you’re already in Thailand…by far the easiest option is to go and buy them yourself from the train station. Remember to take your passport with you! From outside Thailand if you want to book ahead, you’ll need to use an agency. The one we suggest is 12Go as recommended above, who will offer you the option to collect your train tickets later in Thailand at a hotel or nearby major stations. The same booking restrictions apply: i.e. maximum of 60 days out, but they have a minimum of 3 days before travel for tickets to be booked. Personally I’ve always booked my tickets in Thailand, at the Station, a week or two in advance. I’ve never had a problem this way, even on the busy Chiang Mai to Bangkok route. Thai holidays and Chinese new year can get busy though, so it’s best not to leave buying tickets last minute, or leave it until the day of travel. At December 2016 the price for a 2nd class, AC sleeper on the new express trains from Chiang Mai to Bangkok was 881 Baht for a lower birth or 792 Baht for an upper birth (upper births are slightly narrower, and you don’t get a window view ? ). Want to create a positive impact in Thailand? Check out responsible operator Backstreet Academy’s tours here. On the upper berth. Why Travel from Chiang Mai to Bangkok by Train? In short, a few reasons. Not only is train travel more environmentally friendly than flying, I find it a lot more comfortable and efficient in terms of time as well. Although the flight between Bangkok and Chiang Mai may be a short one, add on the time to get to the airport at either end, check in, go through security etc, and it’s not so short after all. With the train I save myself the cost of a hotel for the night and the hassle of security and getting to and from airports. Being transported from city centre to city centre whilst I sleep is a pretty sweet deal. These older trains are not used on the popular sleeper routes anymore, so you won’t be on one of these… But there’s another reason. For me, train travel is also an opportunity to see more of the local culture. Each time I’ve taken the Chiang Mai – Bangkok train, despite there being other foreigners around, I’ve chatted with locals and got to be able to enjoy what is going on around me. This doesn’t happen on a plane. The first time I ended up trying to have a conversation with a lady opposite me who spoke no English (and I don’t speak Thai!) based on the language glossary in the Lonely Planet! The next time on the train to Trang, a lady attending a business meeting in Bangkok invited me to stay with her. After arrival in Bangkok – views over the Chao Phraya River. This time, from Chiang Mai, it felt like the whole train was full of social media fans (or bloggers perhaps!) who were focussed on making videos of the brand new train, which runs on the Chiang Mai-Bangkok 6pm route. Lastly, travelling by train in Thailand is incredibly safe. I’ve taken most of the sleeper trains in Thailand by myself and have never felt unsafe on any of them. Heading to Thailand? Grab your Lonely Planet here! Frequently Asked Questions for Taking the Chiang Mai Train Which is the best Train from Chiang Mai to Bangkok? This depends on your point of view. If you want the fastest, most comfortable train, then train 10, leaving at 18.00 daily is a good option – but book tickets well ahead of time as this is also the most popular train to Bangkok. For those with more time on their hands, we recommend giving one of the day (or part day) trains a try, which offer a more local way of travel and more time to enjoy the views. How can I buy tickets for the Chiang Mai to Bangkok Train? If you’re already in Thailand, you can easily book tickets at any Thai Railways train station, within 60 days of departure (we recommend booking at least a few days ahead). If you’re not in Thailand yet, and it’s within 60 days of your journey, we recommend booking your tickets online here. Which is the Best Class of Travel? For a comfortable overnight journey, we recommend booking Second Class Sleeper (Air Conditioned) which gets you your own berth (upper or lower) with privacy curtain, that converts into a comfortable window seat during day time. Upper berths are available at a slight discount compared to the slightly wider and more sought after lower berths. When Should I book My Train Ticket from Chiang Mai to Bangkok? As soon as you can, within 60 days of travel, and preferably at least in advance. If the sleeper trains are booked up, there may still be tickets available for one of the day trains. Want more of travel in Thailand? Check out our posts on seeing wild Elephants in Thailand, and discovering Pai, Northern Thailand. Pin me for later! What do you think of sleeper trains? Have you been to Chiang Mai / Bangkok on the train or are you thinking of going? Let me know in the comments section below! Sharing is caring! Share Tweet Pin LinkedIn 2952shares Chiang Mai to Bangkok by Train
