Italy may be one of the most visited countries in the world, but skills better taught by locals are navigating your way through the canals of Venice, picking the right place to get a gelato in Rome, and recognising your agnello from your agnolotti. In search of Europe’s heart, it’s all about wandering down paved streets and through ancient ruins to city backstreets and remote walled settlements.
The best way to see Italy is to take part in one of our tours! Please visit our review page if you would like more details. All Expat Explore coach tours are scheduled to depart, with you escorted for the duration by an accomplished and enthusiastic tour guide. Our tour buses are new, spacious and air-conditioned, and your tour package offers free wi-fi. Accommodations
Holidays Tour
If you're looking for an adventure-filled holiday, the place to go is Italy. Italy is a land of sunshine and charm, a destination for fine art, fine food and fine life, a toast to the legacy of Europe's beloved (and only!) boot-shaped country! Travelsphere escorted tours throughout Italy are an ideal way to get the most out of this enchanting destination.
What We Are
We plan outstanding high-quality private and small group groups.
Class value for your time: tours and best-in.
Our private tours include everything you need for a great trip-best hotel in a fantastic
Convenient area, best local skilled guides, high-speed travel, private arrival and departure transfers between locations.
And because they are meant to suit
Your needs, anytime you like you can fly,
14 Day Italy North Classic 
Starting at $3895 PP
Perillo’s Italy North Classic is traditionally the best selling tour in Italy. Created by Mario Perillo and Lucio Massari in 1975, it continues today to be our most famous itinerary. The ‘Continental’ tour presents the same itinerary except without dinners (in reverse).
10 Day Marco Polo Tour
10 Days / 8 Nights        Starting at $3295 PP
The counterpart to our Vesuvius Tour is our Marco Polo Tour. One for Venice, the other for Sorrento. Any way, you can be confident that every hotel, restaurant, sightseeing experience and guide that will make your holiday the memory of a lifetime has been hand-picked by Steve Perillo.
9 Day Rome & Tuscany Tour
9 Days / 7 Nights      Starting at $2995 PP
Two of our favourite locations in Italy are illuminated by this thrilling tour: Rome and Tuscany. See both the Everlasting City and Florence places and then head out into the countryside of Tuscany.
As this post goes live I’m sitting on a bus from Johannesburg bound for Maputo, the capital of Mozambique. If I’m honest, I’m kind of terrified. I keep telling myself it will be fine but honestly, I have no idea what lies ahead of me. I woke up to a strange message a week and a half ago, “I can’t go with you,” it said, “A woman came floating outta nowhere and stole my heart.” It didn’t come as a massive surprise. J and I had always had one of those connections that you could just feel down to your very core. He constantly referred to it as ‘energy’ and I couldn’t argue – that’s exactly what it felt like. There was a magnetic pull that I resisted intently at first, but eventually couldn’t ignore. I didn’t want another impossible romance, but thought maybe this time, I can just enjoy the moment, so that’s what I did. I left swearing I would just let it be where it was, beautiful and sweet, but too short. Except we were both very bad at leaving it where it was. We kept in contact. There were times I tried to pull away but he pulled me back in. I told myself just to be casual about it. To just see where it might lead, whether that was somewhere or nowhere. J always spoke of the amazingness of Mozambique – the intensely blue water, the gorgeous landscape, and the laid back vibe. Other South Africans I spoke with echoed his words. They all took on the same tone of voice, stars in their eyes, and their words elongated when they spoke of its beauty. “Moooozambique!” They would say, entranced. After months of waffling back and forth, I decided I owed it to myself to give it a try – not J, necessarily, but the place and the adventure. Whatever may or may not happen with us was just a bonus if not a big question mark. He promised we’d go together no-matter what. It seemed perfect. Except I started to feel a disconnect in the days before his message came through. It’s like the wavelengths, without any sign of weakening or gradually tapering off, just stopped cold. I was ready for the news to come, I could feel it. This is the story of my life, after all. How could I be mad at him? We hadn’t seen each other in months, and it’s not like I loved the guy. Between me and someone who is there, standing in front of him, it’s no real contest. I would have made the same choice. He continued that he’d wrestled with the guilt for the whole two weeks he’d known her (love? That soon? Hm, OK), and offered that the three of us could go together! Why not, right? Three peas in a pod. I didn’t have to think about that one for too long. I told him I wished him well, but three’s a crowd, and I’d be going this one alone. Besides, I wasn’t going back to Africa for anyone but me. After the disappointment subsided over the next ten hours, surprised that was all it took, an unwelcome feeling started to creep in and replace it: dread. J is a 6’4 South African guy who used to live in Mozambique. I was happy to tag along. I liked the idea of traveling with someone else for once, especially someone with whom I got along so easily and who really knew the country well. We’d had such awesome-sounding plans and I was pretty excited. But those are gone with the wind now. Now I have to start from square one. This isn’t a pity party. There are worse things in life than having to travel somewhere beautiful alone, I know. Rather, it’s a confession: I get nervous before I travel solo, too. In fact I get nervous almost every single time. Southeast Asia wasn’t uncharted territory, and Europe is hardly intimidating. I knew of plenty of women who had traveled to those places on their own. I couldn’t actually think of anywhere, save for a couple of specific places, I’d been to in the past that hadn’t been traveled by someone I knew or at least knew of. However I’m not going to shy away and cancel my plans. Not because of some dude. No way. I’ve been saying lately in my newsletters that I haven’t done anything that made me feel badass lately, and maybe this is just what the doctor ordered. Maybe it’s exactly what I need to do to feel inspired and challenged again. I haven’t been able to find much of anything written by a solo female traveler who went to Mozambique. So I guess it’s time that someone went there and wrote something. I guess that someone is me. Wish me luck. READ NEXT: My Thoughts on traveling alone in Mozambique after arriving *Spoiler alert* I thought it was awesome! 4shares Share Tweet Pin
