Seville, the fourth largest city in Spain is a city with an impressive historical value due to its long history dated back to the time of the Romans 2000 years ago. From exploring a gigantic palace to learning the history of bullfighting, Seville offers countless activities for you to do. Seville was the second city I visited right after Madrid, and if you think Madrid is already laid-back, try visiting Seville. With its countless parks, artistic buildings and the always-sunny weather, you may be here for days before you see everything. Looking for a complete itinerary to Spain?10 Days Travel Itinerary for Spain Watch This Russia Hour Subscribe to my Youtube Channel for more. Table of Contents Seville Things to Do Map Spain Travel Video How to Get to Seville How to Get Around Seville Where to Stay in Seville Travel Insurance What to Pack for Seville, Spain What to Do in Seville Geek out at the Plaza de Espana Relax in the Maria Luisa Park Stare at the Cathedral in wonder Walk around the Alc?zar of Seville Check out the Metropol Parasol Eat Tapas by the River in Triana Digital Nomad friendly cafe Further Reading for Spain [Show More] Save Are you in a Rush? You can save this page to your Pinterest board for later. Feel free to follow BucketListly Blog's boards and get the latest pin directly from there as well. Save for Later Seville Things to Do Map Spain Travel Video How to Get to Seville From Madrid, if you are looking for a cheap and reliable way to go to Seville, you can take a bus directly to Seville which should take you no more than 6 hours. Otherwise, a fast train is another good option but it will be more expensive. If you are taking a bus from Madrid, be sure to ask your hostel for the bus schedule. Once you know which bus you want to take, go to the Estaci?n Sur bus station an hour earlier and get your ticket sorted. I went with the Socibus.es since it was the cheapest one and it ran that day. You can also go with Flixbus as they are cheap, reliable and run widely throughout Europe. How to Get Around Seville Seville can easily be done on foot. If the heat is unbearable, then you can hop on the tram that runs throughout the city. Where to Stay in Seville Budget - Sevilla Kitsch Hostel Art - 18 USD/Night (Dorm) Mid-Range - The Boutike Hostel (Mid-Range) - 63 USD / Night (Double/Twin Room) Daily Budget Traveling here, on average, will cost you more than traveling in most countries out there. You can expect to spend around 45 - 65 USD per day per person with food, accommodation and transportation. Keep in mind that this is just a suggested daily budget based on my style of traveling, which is leaning more toward the budget side of things. If you want to stick to this budget, expect to sleep in dorms, eat out only a few times, and be comfortable using the cheapest and most convenient way of transportation, which often times involves walking. Travel Insurance If you are looking for travel insurance to go along with your trip to Spain, I would recommend WorldNomads.com, which is what I use to look for a travel insurance that fits my kind of adventure. They have a simple and flexible search system that allowed me to find the right insurance for the right amount of time at an affordable price in seconds. If you need travel insurance, give WorldNomads.com a try. Get a Quote from World Nomads What to Pack for Seville, Spain As you know, I am a light traveler and packing light for a trip like this is an art in and of itself. Here are a few tips on what to pack for your trip to Seville, Spain: Walking/Hiking Shoes: I love walking around new cities or go on a small hike and so I highly recommend you take good comfortable shoes with you on this trip. My go-to shoes are the Timberland Shoes that I wore in most situations, even on long hikes. Breathable Shirts: It can be quite hot outside when the sun is out and the sky is clear so be sure to carry with you multiple breathable shirts that you can wear when you are out and about. Outer Shell Jacket: An outer shell jacket is great for when it is rainy or a little windy outside. I highly recommend the Columbia Watertight Jacket. It's breathable, light to carry, and best of all, it comes in this awesome orange color. Microfiber Towel: A Microfiber towel is the perfect backpacker's towel as it is light, easy to dry, and can be compressed to save space in your backpack. Fleece Jacket: When it's cold outside, I always recommend layers and the insulating layer you should always have with you is a fleece jacket. I recommend the Columbia Steens Mountain Fleece. Camera: One of the most important items in your backpack will be a good camera to capture the beautiful moments you will be experiencing. I recommend the Sony a6600 camera with the Sony 16-55mm F2.8 lens. The best high performance and light-weight combination you can get. Power Bank: Keep your electronic charged on-the-go with a 20,000+ mAh Power Bank. Water Bottle: Lifestraw Filter Bottle is a great water bottle to have with you in cities or on hiking trails in case you aren't sure how clean the water source is. Universal Adapter: You just need one universal adapter to plug in your electronics in any country you are visiting. Packing Cubes: Packing Cubes will help you save space in your backpack as well as keep all your belongings organized. Daypack: Herschel Supply Little America Backpack is my go-to daypack. It's large enough to carry all my travel gear, it comes in many amazing colors, and it is stylish as hell! Large Backpack: You will need a large backpack to carry all of this stuff with you. I recommend you get the Osprey Atmos AG 65L backpack. With the excellent weight distribution and the lifetime guarantee, you can never go wrong with Osprey. See My Packing List: 47 Travel Essentials What to Do in Seville Geek out at the Plaza de Espana This is possibly one of the best attraction in Seville. A gigantic red palace located near the Maria Luisa Park. Its vast space, unique architectural design and its humongous size made it a must-see place in Seville. To make this place even better for you, it is known that this place was used to shoot a scene in one of the prequels of the movie, Star Wars! Usually, a place this beautiful is usually crowded with tourists but this was not the case for me. Possibly, due to its vast space and an open-air style building, it felt like I had the whole place to myself. Relax in the Maria Luisa Park Across from the Plaza de Espana is a beautiful park where you can hide from the raging sun to be among the beautiful nature and chirrping birds. Be sure to observe every detail of the structure you run into in the park, from the beautiful bridges over tiny canals, to a resting stop that looked almost like it was taken straight from a fairy tale. Stare at the Cathedral in wonder As you walk around the old town, you can't mistaken this cathedral for anything else. This gothic-style church is the third-largest church in the world. Even without going inside, you can appreciate the intricate detail and hard work that went into bringing this massive piece of magnificent to life. I was unable to go inside due to some event that took place when I was there so if you have a chance to go in, don't hesitate. I heard the detail inside are even more breathtaking. Walk around the Alc?zar of Seville A little bit south of the Cathedral lies another impressive palace called Alc?zar of Seville. Within that palace is heaven.. or at least a park that resembles it. Its lush green vegetation, white walls and beautiful floras contradict the exterior of the palace. I spent at least 2 hours in here, just walking around and getting lost in the park. Check out the Metropol Parasol To spice things up a little, let's take a break from all the old structure and marvel at the modern creation that is the Metropol Parasol. I found that this is where the cool kids like the hang out, chilling out with friends, skateboarding etc. Even though, this building is drastically different in style compared to all the other buildings around it, surprisingly it did not seem so to me. Somehow, it blended in very well with the city. Eat Tapas by the River in Triana People usually go into Seville old town to find something to eat even though they know that it will be overpriced and crowded with tourists. If you are looking for a more laid back and authentic experience, all you have to do is cross the river to Triana and eat at one of the many tapas bars along the river like all the locals do. Las Golondrinas 2 is a good place if you crave authentic tapas for a bargain. Digital Nomad friendly cafe Finding a cafe where you can sit and work without getting a death stare from the owner in Spain outside major cities has proved to be challenging. Due to the culture here, most cafes are a hybrid between a tapas bar and a coffee shop. Since they also serve food as well as coffee, it is uncommon for people to sit in one of these tapas bars and work away. I was unable to find a good local cafe here for work, unfortunately so I would suggest you stick to StarBucks or stay at your hostels. A location of a Starbucks where you can work from. Now that we have all the information we need, it's time to plan your trip to Seville, Spain! Here are some resources to help you get your trip going: What to Pack: To help you get started on packing, here are 47 essential travel gear I carried with me on my trip to Seville, Spain. Flights: Skyscanner and Expedia are the best places to start looking for cheap flights and great deals from your home country. Accommodation: Hostelworld and Booking.com are the ultimate go-to platforms to search for amazing hostels and hotels at an affordable price. Homestays: Airbnb is the best platform to look for a more local experience staying in Seville, Spain. This way, I get to meet a local first-hand and have access to local information I wouldn't have otherwise. Travel Insurance: World Nomads will provide you a ton of insurance option to cover your trip. Transportation: Busbud is a great place to look for bus schedule and buy tickets online in Seville, Spain that would otherwise not have been available online. For Trains, Omio is definitely the best place to book your ticket online when you are traveling in Seville, Spain. Car Rental: Rentalcars.com, a reliable platform to find rental cars in Seville, Spain. Day Trips & Tours: Get Your Guide or TripAdvisor are great platforms to search for activities to do in Seville, Spain. Are you planning to travel to Seville, Spain independently? Be sure to check out my guide on How to Plan For Your First Solo Trip here. Further Reading for Spain I hope you found this guide helpful in your trip planning. If you want to read more about Spain, I have written a few more travel guides, all listed here: Looking for a complete travel guide to Spain? Check out my 10 days backpacking itinerary for Spain. Are you traveling to Spain as part of a bigger Europe trip? Be sure to check out my 3 months itinerary for Europe from Portugal all the way to Sweden. Madrid is a great place to start your journey in Spain. Here’s a travel guide on things to do in Madrid to get you started. Granada is also another great city to visit. The city is full of culture, cheap tapas, and the beautiful Alhambra fortress waiting for you to explore. Check out my travel guide on top 7 things to do in Granada. Barcelona is in its own league when it comes to culture and unique architecture from the rest of Spain. Here’s a complete one day itinerary on things to do in Barcelona, the capital city of Catalonia. Not convinced by my words? Here are 23 photos that will inspire you to visit Spain. You can also watch my Spain travel video here: "Spain to Leave Spain" travel video. To see all articles about Spain, visit Spain Travel Guide page . Looking for a place to go after Spain? How about France or Portugal? Visit our France travel guide page and Portugal travel guide page for more. Looking for more travel guides for the Europe? You can find more on my Europe Travel Guide page. Or if you want something more specific to the region, visit our Southern Europe Travel Guide page. For more of my travel guides like this, visit my Destinations page.
