The holiday season certainly looks different this year than it did last Christmas. For a lot of us, it can be an isolating time where we would love to be able to experience the holidays with our friends and family. But there are some creative ways that people are virtually getting together, whether it’s with loved ones or new people online via virtual experiences. The following is a list of some of the best holiday and anytime-themed Airbnb experiences to jump into on your own, share with others, or send them as gifts – it’s the season of gifting, afterall: 1. Vegan baking If you’re like me and you have a sweet tooth mixed with a penchant for baking shows (Great British Bake Off anyone?), you may have found yourself wondering if you couldn’t just make some delicious baked goods at home. But baking isn’t like ‘normal’ cooking where a little bit of this and a little bit of that can end up in a delicious dish. Baking can be quite precise, and that goes double for vegan baking! Vegan holiday baking with Eva is a two hour online experience where you get to make two sets of vegan holiday cookies including recipes so you can make it again, too! It’s way more fun than just following recipes on YouTube or cookbooks, as you will meet the others virtually in your group before diving in to make it a more social experience. It’s a chance to experience the beauty of a cooking class abroad right from your own kitchen. Reviewers love Eva’s welcoming demeanor and One reviewer even did this for her bachelorette party, which I thought was a fabulous idea. You can book it here for $32/person. 2. How to catch the northern lights I have had the pleasure of catching the northern lights in Iceland and Canada, and I know that it’s on top of the bucket list for many. Catching the northern lights requires patience, a little bit of luck, and an experienced guide to show you the way. While it may be a while before we could travel to places to see the northern lights in person, why not join this Troms?- based online experience for the best tips on how to find the northern lights? These are experienced guides who have been showing people the beauty of the Aurora Borealis for years, and you will get to see some of the host’s best photos of the experience. At only $11, this experience is a great way to gear up before you head out to see the real thing! Many reviewers are even more inspired to see the northern lights in person after experiencing it virtually. You can book it here. 3. Visit Santa in Lapland Several years ago I headed to Finnish Lapland and visited Santa Claus. I don’t care how old you are, there’s something whimsical about being able to chat with the big guy, and if you have kids (or nieces and nephews in my case) it’s a pretty cool gift to give them this year. Many reviewers did this experience as a family and the kids truly loved it. We could all use a little Christmas cheer in 2020! Speaking of gifting, all of Airbnb’s Online Experiences are available as gift cards. Simply select “give experience as gift” at checkout, and your loved ones will be able to take part in the experience you chose for them at their preferred time and date, or even select a different activity if they fancy a different experience on the site. Since many of us may not be able to get together and exchange gifts in person this year, I think an online experience makes a wonderful alternative. Anyway, this is your big chance to ask Santa anything, and learn about where he lives in Lapland Finland! It really does not get any more adorable than that, at just $19. You can book it here. 4. Concert from Iceland Imagine an intimate, cozy family or roommate get-together, with live music playing in the background as you share laughter and a warm meal together, made possible thanks to this wonderful Icelandic concert experience on Airbnb. Hanna is a musician with 7 years of tour guiding experience, and she will be performing for you from her beautiful old Icelandic home. Many reviewers shared that her music was highly appreciated, and everyone was captivated by the magical atmosphere and Hanna’s fantastic voice. I think this makes a nice switch-up from your typical night in! If you and your bubble enjoys live music, this is for you. You can book it at $25/person here. 5. One Day in Paris with a Parisian Surely you’ve at least heard of the popular television series on Netflix, Emily in Paris. While the show received mixed reviews, haven’t we all dreamt of spending a day being a fabulous Parisian? This well-loved Airbnb Online Experience has been booked by Google, Netflix, Paypal, LinkedIn and more. The experience includes a true Parisian taking you through a day using props, photos and images, sharing fun facts, stories, and explaining the true meaning of concepts like fl?ner, joie devivre and laissez-faire. You will also be able to meet other travelers from around the world, so this truly is “a great end-of-the-year reward/celebration for our traveled-starved souls”, as a reviewer shared. You can book the experience here. 6. Mindful Yoga with an Olympian I have been sharing a lot more about my spiritual journey on the blog this year, and it’s been wonderful to see so many of you participating in mindfulness practices, including yoga and meditation, and loving it. After launching a chakra retreat myself, and hearing great feedback from participants, I am convinced that mindfulness can be practiced even virtually. Pauls is an Olympic pole vaulter and finalist of the 2016 Rio Games, who is currently training for 2021 Tokyo Olympics. He has learned yoga, meditation, and yoga philosophy from Buddhist monks, practiced at Shaolin temple, and has a 10-year experience in all of this (what an impressive resume, I must say!). With this Online Experience, you will partake in a yoga flow, which will include Shavasana—a guided meditation combined with visualization. You will also get to ask Pauls questions on Olympian mindset, from goal-setting to pursuing your dreams. You can book it here. 7. Meditation with a Japanese Buddhist Monk Continuing on the spiritual experiences, here’s another one that I am personally most intrigued to join myself – an opportunity to meditate with a Japanese Buddhist monk. There’s no better way to be introduced to this wonderful practice through a guided meditation, what more with a Buddhist monk who’s been in practice for 20 years! This spiritual experience includes a chanting mantra for 20 minutes, followed by a 10-minute breathing-out meditation. You will be able to ask questions and share your reflections on the practice with the host afterwards. The experience is available in English, and I highly recommend picking a morning time slot, as many reviewers shared that it was a wonderful way to start their day. You can book the experience here. 8. Make Mexican Street Tacos with a Pro Chef Mexican food is one of the best cuisines in the world, and I refuse any disagreement on that! I recently came back from a road trip in Baja Sur California, where I stuffed my face with awesome street tacos on a daily basis. If you love tacos as much as I do, get a few girlfriends together and spend a weekend learning how to make authentic Mexcian street tacos with a professional chef! Get all of the tips you need to make a traditional red salsa, taco filling and flour tortillas. Over 1200 guests gave this experience a 5-star review, so surely this is an activity that’s unlikely to disappoint. You can book the experience here. With all kinds of fun experiences that include making delicious food, feeding your travel-starved souls, learning more about local cultures around the world, and practicing mindfulness and spirituality, Airbnb Online Experience is truly a wonderful way to celebrate the holidays, whether alone or with your loved ones. Which Online Experience are you most intrigued by? Let me know in the comments! Happy holidays! This post is sponsored by Airbnb. All thoughts on the Online Experiences are my own. Get every new post delivered via email (3x posts per week, no spam, ever. Read our privacy policy here.) Subscribe 15shares Share Tweet Pin
Eagle Beach in Aruba is considered one of the most excellent beaches to visit on the island. In 2019, it was ranked as the third best beach in the world by TripAdvisor Travelers’ Choice Awards. The pristine white shoreline meshes with turquoise waves, creating a scene similar to a Hollywood interpretation of paradise. This post has everything you need to know about visiting Eagle Beach in Aruba, including how to find it, what to do there, and where to stay: How to get to Eagle Beach: Eagle beach is easily accessible, with plenty of free parking options in a lot near the beach and parallel parking throughout surrounding streets. Public transportation is also another way to go. Arubus offers options for getting to and from the beach at around $2.60 per trip, or taxis can be hired from many local companies, including Aruba Taxi Company. If you plan on getting a taxi, be sure to check with the company you choose about passenger requirements. Some refuse to take passengers from the beach if they are wet, so it’s better to make sure beforehand! Eagle Beach is next-door neighbors with Palm Beach, which I touch on in this post. If you’re staying near Palm Beach, you can take a short walk or bike ride to Eagle Beach. Why it’s worth the visit to Eagle Beach: Check out these trees! Eagle Beach is unique for a variety of reasons, one of them due to its western direction, making it perfect for sunset. Another draw is the calm water and white sand. Another is the Fofoti tree. The Fofoti tree mimics the look of the trademark Divi Divi (Watapana) tree, which grows exclusively in Aruba and always points in the southwestern direction, due to trade winds that blow across the ocean from the north-east. The Fofoti trees on Eagle Beach are some of the most photographed in Aruba and are one of the reasons that the beach is so well known. They make the perfect photo-op for anyone who happens to be a plant enthusiast like me! Sunset at Eagle Beach Speaking of photo-ops, Eagle Beach provides a great place to catch the sunset. It faces west, which means you can soak in every ray of the sun before it goes down. Eagle Beach isn’t just a favorite for humans. The shore is frequented by sea turtles. Aruba is home to four species of these sea creatures, and the majority of their nests are found in the sands of Eagle Beach. Though full disclosure, this was taken north at Tres Trapi (find it under best beaches in Aruba) Another selling point of Eagle Beach is the abundance of available activities. While the beach is perfect for those who prefer to sunbathe or relax in the huts dotting the shore, the water provides ideal conditions for swimming and snorkeling. There are also options for watersport rentals on the beach with Julio’s Watersports or Frank’s Place Watersports. Where to Eat Near Eagle Beach: Many low-rise hotels and restaurants are within walking distance, so it’s easy to find accommodations and dining nearby this Aruban wonderland, no matter what you’re looking for. Because of the close proximity to the ocean, nearby restaurants reliably feature seafood specials, but there are also options within one mile of the beach for Italian: Terrazza Italiana, Peruvian: As? Es Mi Peru, and general dining: Screaming Eagle and Chalet Suisse. For a more on-the-go eating experience, a food truck on Eagle Beach is also available for lunch. Fittingly named “Food Truck Eagle Beach,” it features dishes of chicken, steak, pork, and grouper fillet at a price of around $8.00 for a large helping. Where to stay near Eagle Beach I loved it here! While Eagle Beach is a bit busier than others on the island, it is much less crowded than nearby Palm Beach, where the high-rise hotels are located. You’ll also find more boutique and low rise hotels in this area. My personal favorite is the Manchebo Beach Resort and Spa, just south on Manchebo Beach. It has all of the draw of Eagle Beach, but is even quieter and more peaceful. Overall, Eagle Beach provides the ultimate seaside experience for every beachgoer. The beauty is breathtaking, and if you have the chance to catch the sunset while you’re visiting, you’ll never want to leave! If you’re looking for more suggestions on how to spend your vacation in Aruba, I recommend checking out 26 Awesome Things to Do in Aruba. I’ve had the pleasure of solo traveling here 3 times, and these are some of my favorite local and adventurous suggestions. Get every new post delivered via email (3x posts per week, no spam, ever. Read our privacy policy here.) Subscribe Click to read more posts about Aruba 26shares Share Tweet Pin
Have you ever been on the brink of a leap of faith, but a little voice, maybe yours or someone else’s, intervened and talked you out of it? You’re not alone. It’s the ‘voice of reason’ that doesn’t want anything bad to happen to you. And yet it inflicts the worst pain of all; by asking all of the possible ‘what ifs’, and holding us back from taking the leap forward. Over the past 10 years I’ve examined my thought processes more, wondering why it is that I don’t always do what I know is good for me. It can be exhausting, but I’ve learned to constantly question what comes up in my mind. Through years of therapy, lots of reading, and weeks of silent meditation, this is what I know about self-limiting beliefs, and how we can manage to overcome them to live out our highest potential: Are These Limiting Beliefs True? Our mind is capable of coming up with all kinds of things – both true and preposterous. Remember when you believed that watermelon would grow in your stomach if you swallowed a seed? The belief that you can’t take a risk and go for your dream job, or the fear of ending a bad relationship and never meeting someone better can be equally far-fetched. Where do we get these ideas? Some of them are deeply rooted agreements we made when we were too young to remember, and have stuck with us ever since. Neuroscientific research has shown that before the age of 6 at least 95% of our thoughts and decisions have already been programmed in. They form the basis for our actions and reactions throughout the rest of our lives. With our belief patterns we define not only ourselves, but our life experience in either a negative or positive ways. This impacts everything: Our moods, relationships, job performance, self-esteem, physical health, and so on. It is easier for the mind to rely on past information than it is to form new beliefs, so thanks to confirmation bias and the brain’s need to sift through information quickly, we’re often left on autopilot, destined to make the same mistakes over and over. So when a thought, no matter how small or innocent, comes up to hold me back I ask myself, Is that true? How do I know it’s true? Where did I get that from? Could there be an alternate truth I can choose? So often, I’ve found that obstacles I was convinced were real were just limiting beliefs that doomed me to repeat the same painful patterns. But it turned out that yes, I could find a healthy relationship and no, I didn’t have to settle. It was worth the wait. Yes, I could make a living doing what I love. Yes, I could kick alcohol. And yet, these beliefs come up every single day, even for things I already decided weren’t true. Sometimes the part of me who thinks I’m safer by playing small tries to take me backwards, and I know it’s time to evaluate these beliefs once again. And that’s okay. That’s the human condition. We all suffer with a mind that can be brilliant, and set us apart on this Earth, and yet it’s still primitive and wired for brute survival in many ways, too (I love how Tim Urban illustrates this here). So I find that questioning my thoughts, knowing that they’re coming from a primal place, can be empowering. It makes me captain of the ship again with my higher mind. How Limiting Beliefs Get Written Into Neural Pathways The beautiful thing is we can unlearn these beliefs, and rewrite the story. First, let’s evaluate what happens when we believe something is impossible: Subconscious threats over-activate the amygdala – the part of the brain that processes information quickly and signals the ‘fight or flight’ response. This declines our self esteem and productivity when focused on negative statements like, “What if I fail?” “What if I go broke?” “What if they criticize me?” “I’m not worthy.” These negative thought patterns can create ‘amygdala hijacking’. An activated amygdala generates anxiety and fear at a subconscious level that becomes part of the default network. It keeps us alert for ‘danger’. The more you focus on negative thoughts, the more synapses and neurons your brain will support your negative thought processes. As humans we evolved a negativity bias, which trained us to perceive danger. If we were not vigilant, we could be hunted next, so throughout humanity those who survived anticipated danger before getting caught off guard. Like the tiger in the bush example: It’s better to assume there’s a tiger in the bush than to assume there isn’t, because if there isn’t a tiger, you’ll survive, and if there is a tiger, you will probably still survive because you anticipated the possibility it would be there. How to Rewrite the Script But what about positive beliefs? How can we change those neural pathways to serve us better? By slowing the fuck down. Listen to your thoughts, examine them and question them. Be willing to get to the core of negative thoughts, no-matter how painful (I love EFT for this), then replace negative thoughts with positive ones. Positive thoughts enable brain cells and other nerve system cells to communicate better with each other. This helps your brain function at peak capacity. Having positive thoughts decreases cortisol in your brain and produces serotonin. When the serotonin levels in your body are normal, you feel happy, calmer, less anxious, more focused, and more emotionally stable. Positive thinking also supports brain health through the generation and reinforcement of new synapses, especially in your prefrontal cortex (PFC). This can increase mental productivity by improving cognition, intensifying attention and focus, improving incoming data analysis, and enriching productivity and creativity. Knowing this process is one thing, but why is that such a challenge at times to overcome self-limiting beliefs? We Judge Ourselves the Harshest Just because the solution to overcoming limiting beliefs is simple doesn’t mean it’s easy. We all have a harsh inner critic who is often more brutal than anyone else in our lives. Once I started to listen to my inner dialogue, I wanted to throw her repetitive, critical ass out the window. This repetition sticks and becomes our truth. After hearing many vulnerable shares in retreats and workshops over the years, I learned that almost everyone is hard on themselves, unbelievably hard. That critical voice is primarily concerned with the judgement of others. As much as we pretend not to care, for most of us this will be a lifelong unlearning of a very primal, primitive need for group acceptance for survival. When I follow a belief all the way back to its core, it always comes back to this – I just want to be accepted. But when it comes to criticism we have a choice – do we agree with the criticism, and get deeply hurt by it, or do we disagree with it and choose to reject it as the truth? After all, we don’t all need to agree, right? Even with our own past selves. The Power of Commitment So all this sounds nice, right? Just rewrite some neural pathways and be set for life. And yet we both know it’s not just a switch we flip for the rest of our lives, living in bliss. It’s a commitment – a commitment to live differently. Science shows that using positive self-reflection helps significantly in establishing new habits. Affirmations, visualization and positive self-talk help reflect your thinking patterns and rewrite the belief system that’s programmed in your subconscious mind. We gain more self-love and self-esteem from developing strengths, cultivating gratitude, and visualizing our best possible selves. Dr. Nathaniel Branden also argues in the book, The Six Pillars of Self Esteem, that we must be radically honest with ourselves, too. Living in integrity, speaking our truth, and living from the heart all contribute, too. This awakens the prefrontal cortex, and allows your conscious mind to control your emotional responses through connections to your deep limbic brain. It allows you to think about and reflect upon what you are physically doing. Cultivating this awareness will help change the belief pattern that’s programmed into the subconscious mind and override default patterns. When you perform the new routine enough times for connections to be made and strengthened in your brain, the behavior will require less effort as it becomes the default pattern. What’s my favorite way to slow down and make this commitment? Meditation. Let’s Talk about Meditation Now hear me out – you can meditate, even if you don’t think it’s for you. Which I say with so much love and understanding, because it’s a practice for everyone. Just know that meditation is not the total absence of thoughts, and that simply by observing when you get carried away in thought, you’re successfully meditating. It’s about observing your mind, not being run by it, and this practice of a few minutes to an hour per day might give you that microsecond pause that allows you to question a thought before it carries you away. So don’t worry if you’re not on the mat in Nirvana for an hour. There’s no goal with this, no winning or losing. It’s just a practice. (P.S. I offer a free, no strings attached week of chakra meditations to ease you in. Sign up here to get a daily email with beautiful meditations.) And finally it’s about awareness. I’m not perfect, and researching this only makes me more aware of what I don’t yet know, and can’t know. But trusting in that process has been so nourishing. I don’t get anxiety attacks anymore, I don’t get in arguments with myself anymore, I pause more often to see things from someone else’s point view rather than getting defensive. I find ways to overcome these limiting beliefs, and I catch it when I’m critical. I know this makes me healthier, calmer, and happier overall. I hope this helps you today, too. Have any articles or info you love on this topic? I’m always learning, please share in the comments below! Get every new post delivered via email (3x posts per week, no spam, ever. Read our privacy policy here.) Subscribe Click to read more posts about Spiritual Travel 8shares Share Tweet Pin
