Oh Canada, how I love your gorgeous national and provincial parks, your wide-open spaces, and lovely skies full of northern lights and sunshine. Canada, the world's second largest country, is also one of the safest countries to travel in. The locals are deserving of their friendly reputation, and the landscape is equally deserving of its Instagram fame. Perfect for a road trip, ski trip, or exploration of some of the northern areas where animals like belugas and polar bears hang out, Canada is so massive, it would take a lifetime just to get to know one corner of it well. Regardless, I'll still keep trying to see more and more of it. From coast to coast, Canada has mountains, plains, great lakes, tundra, and enchanting islands. Regardless of the time of year, there's something awesome to do in Canada. Where in Canada? Canada Get to Know Canada 13 best places in Canada for solo travelers Best places to see the Northern Lights Whale watching and polar bear encounters Murals that tell a story of climate change The perfect road trip in Quebec A guide to Hecla Island Winter activities in Banff Winter activities in Alberta Quick Tips 'Hello' and 'Thank You' in French: English is the official language of Canada, while 22% of the Canadian population speak French - "Bonjour" and "Merci" Currency: Canadian Dollar (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 6-month entry without a visa for all European countries, Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Brunei, Chile, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands South Korea, Taiwan, and UAE, and US. Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) is required for all visa exempt travelers except Americans (click here for more info). Safety rating: Ranked 6 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 1.33 (USA is ranked 128 with a score of 2.40), meaning Canada is one of the safest countries in the world Solo Travel Friendliness: Canada is a wonderful country filled with equally wonderful people, making it a carefree place to travel solo. Solo travelers can enjoy the cosmopolitan cities, countrysides with breathtaking scenery, and incredible outdoor adventures, and it’s easy to meet other solo travelers or strike up a conversation with the locals. They deserve their friendly reputation! Climate: Summer can have periods of relatively hot and dry conditions (mid 80’s or higher maximum temperature) in the southern prairie provinces, with similar heat but humid in southern Ontario and Quebec further east, and mild on the coasts; winter in interior prairie provinces, northern Quebec and Ontario, and in the mountains gets as cold as -40°F Best SIM cards: Rogers - cards can be purchased online, at the airport, or in their authorized shops. Bring your passport Random useful tip: Canada is the second largest country in the world, making it an awesome country to do an extended road trip in Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers ($10 - $25): Travelers on a shoestring budget can camp at both government-run and private campgrounds throughout the country. Campgrounds tend to get busy from July – August, and it is advisable to book in advance or show up as early as possible. Expect to pay about $10 for a night, though in most wilderness areas you can camp anywhere you please for free. Dorms cost about $15 - $20 in most parts of the country, and about $5 more in major cities like Vancouver and Toronto. If you are planning on staying exclusively in hostels, consider signing up for a HI Network membership to receive discounts and better deals. Mid-Range Solo Travelers ($35 and up): A hostel private room costs about $35 - $40. The most budget-friendly hotels will set you back about $70 for a private double, with basic amenities and minimum facilities. Some budget hotels offer weekly rates that could be much cheaper. Airbnbs cost about $30 for a decent private room, and about $80 for an entire unit. Other Accommodation Options: If you are interested in a unique accommodation experience, many farms in the west double as B&Bs. Expect to pay about $100 with meals and some activities included. Not only do you get to mingle with the hosts and know the farming life better, but you can also work on the farm if you want. Transportation Getting There: The main international airports are Toronto Pearson International Airport, Montr?al–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, and Vancouver International Airport. Direct flights are available from the US, the UK, most parts of Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Most US travelers drive into Canada, whereas buses, ferries and trains are also available for border crossings. Getting Around: Most major cities have decent public transportation networks, and buses and trains are reliable and affordable. Bike rentals are widely available, and many major city roads are bike-friendly with designated path for cyclists. Uber is available as well in most major cities. Outside of the major metro areas, public transportation is scarce. The most convenient way to get around is to rent a car. Inter-city Traveling: Greyhound Canada is the main long-distance bus company that offers frequent departures and extensive route coverage throughout the country. Booking tickets in advance will help secure a seat, especially during the peak season. Sometimes the website offers discounts for booking in advance as well. To travel between Montreal, Toronto, and Vancouver, VIA Rail offers train rides with gorgeous scenery along the way. Renting a car or even better, a campervan, is another great way to get around the country. Food Grocery Shop & Cook Your Own Food ($5 - $10): To save money, you can buy your own groceries at local supermarkets and cook your own meals. Most dorms and campgrounds have kitchen facilities. Expect a week’s worth of groceries to cost about $50 - $60. Restaurants, Cafes & Bars ($10 - $30): For breakfast, check out the local cafes and coffee shops – while they cost about $10 - $15 for a full meal with drinks, they are huge in portion with great variety, and are often a good value for the money. Many restaurants offer lunch specials at about $10 - $15, though if you are still full from the big breakfast, there are also plenty of sandwich shops for a quick bite. Since Canada is so ethnically diverse, international restaurants serve all kinds of food including Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese, and Italian cuisine. Food is also served at most Canadian bars. Local beer costs about $3 - $5 – look out for microbreweries. Things to Do Hang Out With Whales And Polar Bears: Head to Churchill, Manitoba, known as the “Polar Bear Capital of the World”, hook yourself up with a reputable company (I went with Lazy Bear Expeditions), and be ready to see the cute yet deadly polar bears, and the equally adorable beluga whales. For whale watching, there are different ways to do it – you can take a boat out and watch them as they get closer, or kayak your way out as they swim toward you (a curious and friendly bunch, these guys!), or even snorkel with them. Visit Nopiming Provincial Park: Camping at Nopiming Provincial Park almost felt like camping at a secret spot – there are no humming motors of RVs, no selfie sticks, and no shower queues. You could take a canoe out and paddle your day away, or swim in the refreshing water. The sunrise is beautiful, the starry night sky even better, and if you are in luck, you might even see the northern lights. This is a place that will remind you how simple and easy joy can be obtained. Ski In Banff: Banff offers excellent trails that are perfect for skiing. The main ski areas are Sunshine Village, Lake Louise Ski Resort, and Mount Norquay. If skiing is not for you, you can also go snowshoeing, tubing, ice-climbing, and even caving! There’s a ton to do in and around that area, and while it could get a bit crowded during the summer, it is definitely worth visiting in the slower winter months! Take A Road Trip: I know this is my 3rd time mentioning this, but Canada is seriously such an amazing country to do a road trip in. With a car or a campervan, you can see the countryside, the beautiful hills, and many other places off the tourist radar. Whether solo or with a buddy, road tripping and camping is a great way to explore Canada. Niagara Falls: The falls can be seen from all kinds of angles and vantage points – there are boats, helicopters, cable cars, viewing towers, and even a tunnel tucked behind the cascade. It is one of the most visited tourist attractions in the world, and the area is very touristy, but it should not stop you from visiting the massive falls that send water rushing down from 173-183’ high. See the Sea Walls Churchill Murals: Organized by the PangeaSeed Foundation’s Sea Walls project and Winnipeg artist, Kal Barteski, several muralists from around the world joined forces in the small town and created 18 large-scale murals that promote ocean conservation not only in Churchill, but also worldwide. The beautiful murals in Churchill give travelers another reason beyond the belugas and polar bears to explore Churchill. My personal favorite was Miss Piggy! Apps to download NavigonCanada (for offline navigation) Posts About Canada Winnipeg’s Best Wellness Adventures The Best Things to Do in Newfoundland The 10 Best Hikes in Banff with Breathtaking Views Where to See the Northern Lights in Canada Where to See the Northern Lights Therm?a Spa Winnipeg: How to Get the Most out of Your Experience Churchill, Manitoba’s Northern Lights Experience Winnipeg, Manitoba’s 16 Best Things to Do The Perfect Fall Road Trip in Qu?bec 13 of the Best Places in Canada for Solo Travelers Recommended Products Solo female travel guide I always travel with insurance Solar Charger Freeze-proof phone case packing cubes: A sturdy ski jacket Canada on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17878845991119037 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17898123490112663 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17869259047140066 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17907401335012763 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17849430148199959
My home country, the good ol' US of A, truly has it all. If you want to find rugged nature, it's everywhere in the national and state parks spanning from sea to shining sea. If you want to find culture, each state, and even each little borough within each state, has something unique to offer you. Thanks to the diversity, both of the people and of the landscape, the United States truly does have something for everyone. If you want to get your surf on, head to California or Hawaii, or hike through deep canyons and orange rocks, head to Arizona or Utah. If you prefer to become one with nature in one of the most unspoilt places on earth, head to Alaska. It's a country of friendly people with tons of activities, and if you approach it with an open heart, it's a place that's very easy to love. Where in the USA? USA Get to Know the USA Alaska Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Louisiana Montana Nevada New Mexico North Carolina South Dakota Utah Virginia Washington Wisconsin Wyoming Quick Tips Currency: United States Dollar (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 90-day visa waiver program through ESTA, depending on your home country (Canada, Bermuda, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau are totally visa free, remainder need a B-2 tourist visa).” Pay special attention to rules pertaining to air/cruise vs. land entry as land entry doesn’t even require an ESTA, essentially visa-free. On the other hand, even if just in transit via air/cruise, obtain an ESTA prior to arrival. Find out more here Safety rating: Ranked 128 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 2.40 Solo Travel Friendliness: Most parts of the country are awesome for solo traveling. People are friendly and outgoing, and the streets are generally safe and easy to navigate. There are places where crime rates are high, and I will not pretend like the current political state of the country is great, but as far as traveling and exploring solo go, the US is still a fun place to be Climate: Since the US is so big, the climate varies quite a bit. In coastal California, plan on long, dry summers and don't expect to encounter snow, but as soon as you head to the mountains it could be dumping down. On the East Coast, plan on gorgeous fall foliage, while in the South, anticipate mild winters and hot, humid summers, and in the Midwest, expect long, snowy winters, with also short, but often hot summers Best SIM cards: T-Mobile prepaid plans are the cheapest in the US, particularly if you buy the SIM card at Walmart. Bring your passport Random useful tip: Americans are generally friendly and outgoing – we tend to smile and even say 'hi!' to perfect strangers Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers (free - $30): Camping and couchsurfing are the way to go for travelers on a shoestring budget. iOverlander is a great website to locate free campgrounds throughout the country. The couchsurfing community is huge in the States - it started in this country, after all! If you are going on a road trip, consider renting or buying then selling a campervan so you can save on accommodation as well. While hostels are not popular, cheap motels and inns are widely available in major cities and along the highway. Price range-wise, it largely depends on which city you are traveling to. Click on the individual states on the map to read more. Mid-Budget Solo Travelers ($35 and up): Hotels with style ranging from budget to boutique to extravagant can be found throughout the country. In the cities, indulge a few nights at the mid range hotels which cost about $70 - $200, with great facilities like a gym and pool included. Airbnb is an awesome accommodation choice, especially in the countryside. You can find adorable tree houses, modern apartments, and seaside bungalows, depending on budget and location. A private room typically starts at about $25, and an entire unit at $80. Transportation Getting There: There are more than 5,000 public airports in the country that see close to a million visitors from all around the world traveling in and out of the States on an average day. A few things to note about America’s airports: if you are locking your bags, make sure the locks are TSA approved; security is strict, and in some states like California, a 30 – 60 minute wait through security should be expected. Crossing overland from Canada and Mexico is relatively straightforward. Expect the possibility of having your car searched, and make sure that you have all of your documents, visas, and insurance ready. Getting Around Town: Public transport varies wildly from city to city where some places, like New York, have excellent public transport while others, like Los Angeles, have terrible public transport options. Generally, buses and trains in major cities are cheap. Cycling is also increasingly popular. Metered taxis, Uber, and Lyft are widely available. Driving could be stressful in the cities, but it is certainly a convenient way to get around. Most car rental companies have outlets at the main airports, and it is also easy to rent a car in major cities. Long Distance Traveling: Given the distance between one state and another in the country, it is important to plan ahead and, if possible, arrange your transportation in advance. Flying is the easiest and fastest way to travel between cities, especially on Southwest Airlines, the country’s best budget airline. The railway system, dominated by Amtrak, is another option though the network is not comprehensive, and the tickets are sometimes more expensive than flying. If you plan to make a lot of stops along the way, traveling by bus or a rental car would be ideal. Hitchhiking is pretty common along the highway, though it could be illegal in some states. Food Grocery Shop & Cook Your Own Food ($5 - $10): To save money, you can buy your own groceries at the local supermarket or farmers market and cook your own meals. There are also all kinds of small casual eateries, and food trucks that sell fresh, delicious snacks and mains for cheap. The American staples include steaks, hotdogs, and burgers, though in cities like San Francisco and New York City, healthy, raw-based diets are on the rise. The variety depends heavily on where you are, with lots of international options along the coasts and in big cities versus more diners and fast food in the small towns in middle America. Restaurants & Bars ($10 - $30): It’s not just about burgers! The culinary scene in the USA is varied and inventive, thanks to all of the different cultures. From casual cafes to funky food trucks, hole-in-the-wall style restaurants, hippie cafes, and high-end restaurants, there’s so much to discover as far as food goes, especially in the major cities. Expect portions to be big. Most major cities are buzzing with nightlife, and it’s easy to find a nice place for a night out as well. *Tipping: Due to a low minimum wage, tipping is not just common, but expected. It’s customary to tip 20% in restaurants, which may seem high, but it’s our culture - unless the service is particularly bad, then you should let the restaurant know, and they may refund your meal. Things to Do Go on a road trip: Whether it’s the Pacific Coast Highway road trip, an epic West Coast road trip, or the American Southwest road trip, renting a car and driving various routes in the country is the best way to see just how massive and beautiful America is. Experience Authentic Hawaii on Molokai: If you want to find how Hawaii was 50 years ago, go to Molokai. While the island sometimes has the rep of being unfriendly, the locals tell me they just want the right tourists - the ones who don’t want to change Molokai, but who want to learn, appreciate, and be transformed by it instead. It is my favorite place in Hawaii, where I swam under the 250-foot Mooula Falls, found a secret beach, and experienced a traditional ritual that involved the Aloha. Molokai may not have fancy resorts, 5-star restaurants, spas, or even traffic lights, and I might be covered in mud and mosquito bites from the Halawa Valley, but this is my happy place. “Hike Coyote Gulch in Grand Staircase-Escalante in Utah: Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument is a massive sequence of sedimentary rock formations stretching from Zion to the Grand Canyon. It’s an outdoor enthusiast’s dream with hiking, rock climbing, bouldering adventures, 4ª4 roads, and wide-open spaces that you can climb all over and free camp in. There are thousands of hikes you could do in the Grand Staircase, so pick one that best fits your schedule and fitness. Sail the Apostle Islands in Wisconsin: Charter your own private boat and go sailing! The sea caves of the Apostle Islands are incredible in person. The islands are also home to Lake Superior, the world’s largest freshwater lake. Other activities include kayaking, hiking, and camping. The jumping off point for the Apostle Islands, the town of Bayfield, is also a lovely and artist-friendly place worth visiting. Visit Sun Valley in The Winter at Idaho: There’s just so much to do in Sun Valley in the winter. The hot springs with various temperatures allow visitors to hop back and forth between the cold and hot waters; the powdery, snowy mountains are perfect for skiing and snowboarding; snowshoes can be rented for a beautiful walk in the snowing mountains, and the town is buzzing with warm hospitality – can you tell that I had a really good time there? Visit Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming: Grand Teton National Park is beautifully blanketed in white during winter, making it a perfect spot for snowshoeing. If crowded Yellowstone is not your cup of tea, you can seek refuge in Grand Teton – it took me one and a half hours before seeing another soul. Visit Antelope Canyon: No trip to Arizona is complete without seeing the incredible Antelope Canyon, a striped and bright orange Navajo Sandstone canyon in Arizona carved by flash flooding and erosion. There are actually two of them, and both canyons are located on Navajo land. The only way to see them is by taking a guided tour. I only saw Navajo guides, which made it feel more authentic and connected. Visit both if you can, but if you can’t, I posted a comparison of the Upper vs. the Lower Antelope Canyon for you. Explore New York City: It’s crowded, it’s busy, it never sleeps, it’s a place where everything becomes a possibility, it’s a concrete jungle where dreams were made of (I’m sorry if the song is stuck in your head now!). Check out Brooklyn, relax and people watch in Central Park, get to the top of the Empire State Building, see Times Square, or simply explore the entire city freely. Posts About the USA 15 of the Best National Parks to Visit in the Winter Connect with the Great Outdoors on this Solo NorCal Road Trip 12 Things to Do in Lake Tahoe this Winter Camping Along the Loneliest Road in America The 9 Best Winter Vacations in the U.S. The 33 Best Things to do in Southern California Anza-Borrego Desert State Park’s Best Things to Do 11 of the Best Road Trips in the USA 21 of the Best Places to Travel in December (USA Edition) 50 Things to Do in Lake Tahoe Recommended Products Solo female travel guide National parks guide I always travel with insurance USA road atlas packing cubes: A hat for hiking The United States of America on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17851111171127380 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17863340212033800 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17842203427014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17843136805142679 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17852635207086199 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17843018959180079
