Argentina is a massive country with so much to offer. From a rich culture, to amazing steak and beautiful landscape including Iguazu Falls and part of Patagonia, there's a practically endless list of things to see and do there. It's a place where the people are beautiful, Mate tea drinking is a communal ritual, spoken Spanish takes on its own form, and soccer is practically a religion. Solo female travelers will have to battle cat calls, which is true in all of Latin America, but the quaint little towns all along Patagonia have their own unique character and it's hard not to love the country as a traveler despite its (few) shortcomings. Where in Argentina? Argentina Get to Know Argentina Bariloche: Argentina’s Gateway to Patagonia The Best Hikes in El Chalten, Argentina The Huemul Circuit: A Tough but Secluded Hike in Patagonia Patagonia Itineraries for One Week to One Month The Cost of Traveling in Patagonia (and How to Save) 24 Things to Know Before You Trek in Patagonia Quick Tips 'Hello' and 'Thank You' in Spanish: "Hola" and "Gracias" Currency: Peso (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 90-day visa on arrival for US citizens. The reciprocity fee has recently been waived. Australians and Canadians still must pay a reciprocity fee (click here for more info) Safety rating: Ranked 75 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 1.99 (USA is ranked 128 with a score of 2.40) Solo Travel Friendliness: As one of the most developed and safest countries in South America, Argentina is a good place to travel through, though solo ladies will experience a fair amount of catcalling. Accessibility between the cities is easy, and the locals are friendly and love chatting up to solo travelers. Beware of pickpockets, particularly in train stations, and avoid walking alone in quiet, narrow streets at night Climate: It depends on where you go. In the far north, expect scorching hot summers and in Patagonia, be prepared for heavy winds, rain, and cold year-round. Winters often experience snow in the mountains and in Patagonia Best SIM cards: The jury's out on this one. I never found a good company Random useful tip: Getting currency can be a pain in Argentina. The max withdrawal limit is around $100, the exchange rate is constantly fluctuating, and ATMS frequently run out of money and have queues. Don't wait until the last minute to get cash, and research the economic situation before visiting, as prices have gone from relatively cheap to expensive as of late Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers ($5 - $20): In Patagonia, camping will be available just about everywhere you go. If you have a tent with you, expect to pay $5 - $20 to camp at campsites with kitchen facilities and showers. Dorms in popular areas like Buenos Aires and Patagonia cost about $5 – $15 per night, depending on location and facilities, and about $5 - $10 in less popular areas. Consider signing up for a HI membership to get better rates, especially if you plan on staying exclusively in hostels. Mid Budget Solo Travelers ($30 and up): Expect to pay double the price of a dorm for a private room in a hostel or a budget hotel. Mid range hotels with facilities like private showers and swimming pools start from about $30 per night. They tend to cater to business travelers and lack character. For a more authentic accommodation experience, check out the locally run homestays, which typically cost about $30 - $50 per night. Airbnb was my favorite way of booking accommodation, averaging about $15 for a private room, and at about $60 for an entire unit. Transportation Getting There: The main international airport is Ezeiza International Airport, located in Buenos Aires. Direct flights are available from the US, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Crossing borders overland from neighboring countries like Brazil, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Bolivia, is straightforward, usually by buses that are reliable and comfortable. Make sure to have your visa sorted out beforehand. Getting Around: The bus network is extensive and reliable in most cities. The buses are clearly numbered and destination is displayed on a placard. Bus fare for a single trip in the city generally costs less than $1. In the capital, trains are the fastest and cheapest way to get around. Taxis are widely available in major cities, while most of them are metered, some may refuse to use one so make sure to check with the driver before getting into one. Inter-city Traveling: Long distance buses are reliable and comfortable. Most inter-city buses have reclining seats, movies,, and food served on board. They can run anywhere from $20 and up for longer distances and can be booked at your hostel, online (depending on the company) or directly at the bus station. For those on a tight schedule, it sometimes makes sense to rent a car, especially if traveling in areas where buses are infrequent and hitchhiking takes a lot of time. Prepare to pay up if you plan on returning it at the end of the road instead of where you started the trip. Hitchhiking is common and sometimes the only option in places like Patagonia, but not as much elsewhere in the country. Food Buy Groceries and Cook Your Own Food ($3 - 5): Eating out can be expensive in Argentina, especially in Patagonia. Budget travelers can buy groceries at the local supermarkets and cook their own food at the hostels or campsites, which typically have kitchens and cooking utensils available for guest use. Expect to pay about $30 - $50 for a week’s worth of groceries. Small meals like Empanada, sandwiches, pita bread, and sausages are sold by street vendors. Keep an eye out for lunch deals, the menu del dia, at local restaurants where you can get a big meal for about $5. Restaurants & Bars ($20 - $30): Great quality restaurants and cafes are ubiquitous in major cities. Beef is the country’s pride and it’s definitely worth splurging now and then on a meal out. Expect to pay about $20 for a steak with a glass of wine. I have also had some of the best lamb ever in Patagonia, so keep a lookout for that! One thing to note is that dinner starts late in Argentina, and it is common for the locals to turn up in a restaurant for dinner at 10pm. Pasta, pizza and barbeques are local staples, and each region has its own specialties. Things to Do Hike in El Chalt?n: El Chalt?n is proudly the hiking and rock climbing capital of Argentina. Whatever level of fitness you have, chances are you can find something suitable there. In fact, it is my favorite spot in Patagonia. I took a few day hikes and a 4-day hike and while some days were particularly challenging, every day I felt like I was in a different world, as the scenery changed from flat trails with trees dotted along the way, to brilliantly blue lagoons, and to majestic glaciers. Remember to reward yourself with a scoop (or 3, in my case) of ice cream at Domo Blanco afterwards! Hike Huemul Circuit: If you are up for a (true) challenge, check out Huemul Circuit. It is difficult and technical enough to keep most people away, but that can also mean complete solitude almost all of the time - I got sunrise at the glacial lagoon all to myself and my other two hiking buddies! Expect unmarked trails, strapping on a harness and pulling yourself across a wire rope over two rivers, really steep (almost vertical) descents, and the most rewarding views ever. Fret not if all that sounds like too much, as there are other hikes in Patagonia to check out as well. Explore Bariloche: The town itself reminds me of Europe. I was not the biggest fan of the town as it was crowded and touristy, but the beautiful spots outside of the town, I loved. Rent a car and drive around the route of seven lakes, making stops along the way to check out the crystal clear water, or the equally beautiful Cerro Campanario; hike Refugio Frey, Refugio Otto Meiling, and Cerro Tronador. Overall I enjoyed my time there and thought it was a good starting point to the rest of Patagonia. Explore Salta & Jujuy: Salta is a fun and beautiful province located in northwest Argentina. The most popular attraction is Salinas Grandes. They are a giant expanse of white as far as the eye can see – almost like a field of snow but hard and with textured ridges that crisscross the ground in a geometric grid. Jujuy, on the other hand, offers Pumamarca, known as the canyons of Jujuy. You can join a tour and check out these places, or simply take walks, hang out with the llamas, and stuff your face with empanadas. See Iguazu Falls: Iguazu Falls are twice as wide as Niagara Falls! A staggering 450,000 cubic feet of water rushes the cascades every second, which is how they got the nickname “Niagara on Viagra”. It is one of the most magnificent things to see in Argentina, and you can get there easily by local bus. Tango in Buenos Aires: Imagine a European city with Latin vibes – that’s Paris of South America, Buenos Aires, for you. It’s a great place to both head out and explore, and to kick back and relax. It’s a mix of modern and colonial architecture, fabulous nightlife, and fantastic museums. For a true local experience, head to the park and share a mate tea with friends. Posts About Argentina Patagonia Itineraries for One Week to One Month 10 Hikes in Patagonia You Seriously Need to Experience The Ultimate Patagonia Guide 7 Things to Know about Visiting the Perito Moreno Glacier The Perfect Patagonia Packing List The Tale Of Sola En Salta, Argentina The Cost of Traveling in Patagonia (and How to Save) The Best Hiking in El Chalt?n, Argentina In Two Places at Once: Walking from Villa O’Higgins, Chile to El Chalt?n, Argentina Hiking the Huemul Circuit: The Toughest and Most Rewarding Hike in Patagonia Recommended Products Solo female travel guide Power adapter I always travel with insurance Slash-Proof, locking zipper shoulder bag with RFID blocking technology packing cubes: Argentina guide Argentina on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17856179362058629 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17850808159065126 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17852709778002633 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17845685383113660 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17845698913124892 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17853710221000260
Don’t you just love it when something lives up to the image in your mind? As I walked through the Marseille airport it struck me that it had been ten years since I’d visited France. It was an impromptu idea that had come to me just a week prior: There are lavender fields in France. I wonder when they bloom. *fierce Googling* Omg now! They are in bloom right now! 20 minutes later I had convinced one of my besties, Yvonne, to join me. Cheap flights from Berlin were booked, as was the Airbnb and the car. We would be visiting Provence for 48 hours for the express purpose of frolicking in lavender fields and it would be glorious. Provence in France has a reputation for being whimsical, romantic, charming, warm, sunny, and delicious. And oh my it is! It really is! So many places, like Paris, have been so romanticized in movies and literature that I’d come to expect a little slice of perfection when I arrived. Yet Paris left me incredibly disappointed. Provence, however, really is picturesque, relaxed, and friendly, just as I’d cautiously hoped it would be. Provence from up above Is it worth popping over to Provence just to see some purple plants? Oh, yes. Here’s how to do it right: Sleep in style This villa, though! The first place that struck my fancy on Airbnb (book the villa here!) was just outside of Aix-en-Provence, a natural jumping off point for this adventure. For a mere 60€ each per night we had an ensuite room, an outdoor kitchen, the cutest little golden retriever you’ve ever seen, and most importantly in the summer in France, a pool! Rent a car The best way to see the lavender fields is to drive yourself. You could take a tour of the fields, but then you’re limited with timing, when and where you stop, and what time you head home. When I visited the fields it was actually the summer solstice in mid-June, so the sun didn’t set until 9:30. self-driving allowed us to stay out and operate on our own schedule, including experiencing a cotton candy sky over the fields. The stops Before we dive in, it’s important to note that lavender season, depending on the year and the weather, tends to run from mid-June to the end of July. Different fields and areas have a different blooming schedule. Some will be intensely purple and lush, others will be just barely be starting to sprout, and others will be riddled with weeds. Generally, earlier on the lower elevations have a better show to put on, and it’s less crowded, too! These were our stops: S?nanque Abbey If you Google image search ‘Provence lavender’ chances are good that you’ll find this monastery. While it is lovely, as is the drive over from Aix through a national park, it wasn’t the crown jewel of the trip. We leveled up in lavender goodness as we progressed. Sault My forum research on the lavender blooms turned up several recommendations for the village of Sault. It’s a bit higher in elevation and most certainly did have some lovely lavender, but there was one village that was even better. Valensole Photo by Yvonne Zagermann Valensole was the reigning heavyweight champion of those perfect, bushy, bright lavender fields buzzing with little bumble bees (who tolerated my presence). There are fields everywhere around the outskirts that seem to curve and swirl for miles. It’s also a lovely little town itself – beautifully quaint and surprisingly quiet, despite being such a great spot for lavender chasing. This is my pick for the best spot to view the lavender, especially in late June. Sunset in Valensole Here’s the itinerary if you’d like to repeat it yourself: I was impressed to find that, though there were tourists around, I didn’t encounter the bus loads of people that I was expecting. The trip was generally relaxed, despite driving on those narrow village roads, and we found plenty of lavender fields that didn’t have anyone else around. Perhaps it was the time of the season we chose, but one thing’s for sure, it’s an amazing little getaway, and far less crowded and popular than Paris and Nice. Pin me! So if lavender calls to you with its calming smell and brilliant purple hue, head to Provence. It’s beautiful, delightful, and oh so romantic. 1393shares Share Tweet Pin
China is a polarizing country. Travelers either absolutely love or completely loathe it. Why? It's culturally about as different as you can get to a typical Westerner's background. China isn't light touring, it's real traveling. Those who want an easy travel experience tend to have a tough time in China, but those who embrace cultural differences and adventure will come to love it and find it's a country where they can have a truly unique and real travel experience. I am of the latter camp and absolutely love China. China is one of the biggest and most populous countries on the planet. It can take a full month just to barely get through one province. Whether you're interested in the dazzling lights of Beijing or Shanghai, prefer the snowy beauty of the Himalayas closer to Tibet, or the vast distances in-between, China has something to offer you. Transportation works well, and price-wise, China falls in the middle as far as expenses. Food and lodging can be quite cheap and the hostels are some of the best in the world for value. For outdoorsy types, there are plenty of mountains to climb and China is also a photographer's dream. It can be bewildering, horribly polluted in places, and is guaranteed to present challenge after challenge, but give China a chance to get under your skin, and you may never let it go. I know that I can't. Where in China? China Get to Know China That time I tried hitchhiking in China China: The Awesome, the Annoying, and the Downright Scary Tiger Leaping Gorge in Yunnan Province My craziest experience hitchhiking in China How to get a visa for China in Hanoi, Vietnam Quick Tips 'Hello' and 'Thank You' in Mandarin: "Ni Hao" and "Xie Xie" Currency: Chinese Yuan Renminbi (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: Must obtain prior. Amount of days heavily depends on where you obtain it. Best method is at home from your home country. Safety rating: Ranked 110 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 2.22 (USA is ranked 128 with a score of 2.40) - this is mainly due to political terror and heavy weapon numbers. Tourists, however, are rarely victims of violent crime. Solo Travel Friendliness: I had a first-hand experience with Chinese hospitality when hitchhiking in China back in 2014. People were friendly and generous, and I never once felt threatened or endangered. Because traveling solo as a female is not a norm in most parts of the country, you might get questions from the locals and in some situations, it will make things easier to say that you are meeting a friend soon. Climate: Depends on region. Winter is generally cold and snowy and summer is hot and humid Best SIM cards: China Mobile – all telcos are state owned and controlled. Cards can be purchased at the airport and assigned shops throughout the entire country. Bring your passport Modesty Considerations: Major cities are incredibly modern and trendy and there’s no specific dress codes, though you may be required to cover your shoulder and knees when visiting the temples. In the rural areas, people are more conservative and it is polite to dress modestly. Random useful tip: Learn some Chinese. China is one of the countries where English will not be spoken much, if at all, and a few words go a very long way! Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers ($5 - $10): Hostels in China might offer the best value in the world - they’re usually pretty nice! Dorms and youth hostels are common in most cities and in small villages, with new places often drastically better than the old ones in terms of quality and service. Expect to pay about $5 for a basic dorm room with fan, and more in bigger cities for the same room type. If you choose to walk in instead of booking ahead, make sure to ask to see the room first, and negotiate –. Expect to pay 30% less than the advertised price during low season. Couchsurfing is also increasingly popular in major cities. Mid Budget Solo Travelers ($10 - $30): The same theory applies to budget and mid-range hotels – new places are generally much better than the older ones. There are single, double, triple and even quadruple rooms to choose from. Most private rooms come with free breakfast. Take note that the use of different Chinese words for the hotel is an indication of quality and price range, with Da Jiu Dian is on the higher end of the spectrum, and Zhu Su is on the cheaper end. Airbnbs average at about $25 for a private room, and at about $55 for an entire unit. Transportation Getting There: Most major cities have their respective international airports, while the most major ones include Beijing Capital International Airport, Guangzhou Baiyan International Airport, and Shanghai Pudong International Airport. Direct flights are available from most parts of the world. Crossing borders overland is possible from Russia, Mongolia, Pakistan, Nepal, Vietnam, Laos, Myanmar, and the Central Asian Republics. If you’d like, you can also take a ferry from Korea and Japan to China. Getting Around Town: The Chinese government invests heavily in transportation and infrastructure, making getting around a breeze – as long as you can recognize the destinations in Chinese writing. Trains are efficient and punctual, with a single trip costing as low as $0.20; buses, on the other hand, while frequent and cover routes wider than trains, often do not always have fixed schedules, so allow time to get the bus station and buy your ticket rather than waiting until the last minute.. DiDi is China’s version of Uber and it is available in all cities. Inter-city Travel: Inter-city trains are efficient and fast – high speed trains reach 210 miles per hour. The cabins are spotlessly clean and comfortable but much more expensive than normal trains. Expect to dish out more than $100 for a ticket from Shanghai to Beijing. Trains of other classes are less comfortable but much cheaper, and all trains offer food for purchase onboard. Buses depart frequently and cover routes wider than trains. Flying from one city to another is easy, and sometimes cost less than trains. Hitchhiking in China, based on my personal experience, is surprisingly easy and you are bound to meet friendly and generous locals who are more than willing to help and expect nothing in return. It does help, however, if you have a Mandarin speaker with you. Food Local Food Spots ($1 - $5): The food in China is cheap and delicious. A big bowl of noodle soup usually costs less than $1! Food stalls on the roadside, markets, and hole-in-the-wall style restaurants with plastic tables and chairs are where you can sample true Chinese cuisine at a low price. However, hygiene and food safety are often questionable , so pick places that are crowded with locals and when possible, take a quick glance at the kitchen. Restaurants ($5 and up): Most Chinese restaurants tend to be set up for groups, with large round tables and mostly a la carte items on the menu. A restaurant dining experience is best shared with friends made at the hostel, as you get to sample different dishes and share the bill. Most dishes are freshly prepared, especially seafood – some restaurants have aquariums keeping the fishes, crabs, lobsters, and prawns fresh and, well, alive until the last minute. Prices vary depending on your order. A simple vegetarian stir fry could cost less than $3, whereas exotic seafood could cost hundreds. Tipping is not expected in most restaurants. Western restaurants are on the rise though the food is usually disappointing, so it’s best to stick to trying out Chinese cuisine. Things to Do Jiuzhaigou and Beyond: Neighboring Tibet, Jiuzhaigou is instantly recognizable by its colorful lakes with crystal clear water reflecting their surrounding mountains, and vast array of multicolored prayer flags that have been strewn across the hillsides. It is often packed with tourists, locals and foreigners alike. If you want to look for something off the beaten path, there is Huanglong National Park, a hidden gem of the province that is only a 40-minute drive away from Jiuzhaigou. Trek in Sichuan: This province is full of amazing treks. One of the must-sees is Siguniang Shan (Four Sisters Mountain) East of Chengdu in Sichuan province’s Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture. It’s a trek that most foreigners aren’t aware of and haven’t had the opportunity to see. Another trek worth checking out is Mount Emei, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Due to its significance and popularity, the Emei shan hike has been paved with stairs and offers gondolas up and down as well. Explore Modern Shanghai: This is what the future looks like! This cosmopolitan city is packed with the latest technology, neon lights, and billboards. The top of China’s tallest building, Shanghai Tower (119 floors!), is the perfect spot to get a panorama view of the city. The Great Wall of China: The 2,300 year old wall that was built to fend off invasions is now the most iconic place in China. Expect the place to be packed with tourists no matter the time of the year. Tiananmen Square: Located right in the center of Beijing, Tiananmen Square is one of the biggest city squares in the world. If you are interested, you can see Mao Zedong’s embalmed body in the mausoleum between 8am – 12pm. There are also museums, viewing halls, and Communist architecture that could easily take an entire day to go through. Apps to Download WeChat (essentially China’s version of Facebook, you can even order food, make reservations, and send money through the app), DiDi (China’s version of Uber), ExpressVPN (to access websites that are blocked in China). Posts About China The Hidden Huanglong National Park, China Where to Hike in Hong Kong How to Find The Hidden Views Of Yangshuo The Best Books to Read For Traveling in Asia The 8 Chillest Places in Asia China: The Awesome, the Annoying, and the Downright Scary Siguniang Shan: Magnificent Mountains You’ve Probably Never Heard Of Hitchhiking in China (Part 4): The Bone Bracelet Gift Mount Emei: Sacred Spaces in Sichuan Hitchhiking in China (Part 3): The Solo Adventure Recommended Products Solo female travel guidebook The bag I recommend for China Mandarin phrasebook China adapter I always travel with insurance locking shoulder bag China on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram This error message is only visible to WordPress admins Error: Hashtag limit of 30 unique hashtags per week has been reached. Feed may not display until 12/21/2020 12:13 pm. If you need to display more than 30 hashtag feeds on your site, consider connecting an additional business account from a separate Instagram and Facebook account. Error: No posts found. Make sure this account has posts available on instagram.com.
