After spending two months in Chile, I left thinking it really does 'have it all' in terms of landscape. Chile is one of the longest countries in the world, narrowly beaten out by Brazil, is home to the driest desert on earth, the most remote island on earth, and partial home (shared with Argentina) to the third largest frozen body of fresh water in the world. For those who adore hiking, rock climbing, sailing, red wine, and an all-in-one vacation destination, Chile is it. Chile is also the most prosperous nation in South America, and leads Latin America in peace, income per capita, and democratic development, making it a great place to explore for first-timers to South America. Where in Chile? Chile Get to Know Chile Everything you need to know about hiking the O circuit in Torres del Paine Thumbs Up! The Start of the Patagonia Hitchhiking Adventure How to Visit Easter Island Cheaply and Awesomely Camping Under the Best Night Sky in the Driest Desert on Earth Where to Trek on Glaciers in Chilean Patagonia Have You Ever Seen a Glacier that Turns into a Waterfall? Here's What to Pack When You Go to Patagonia Quick Tips 'Hello' and 'Thank You' in Spanish: "Hola" and "Gracias" Currency: Chilean Peso (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 90-day visa on arrival for US citizens. Australians must pay a reciprocity fee (click here for more info). Safety rating: Ranked 27 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 1.63 (USA is ranked 128 with a score of 2.40). Solo Travel Friendliness: The locals are friendly, there’s an excellent transportation network, and a low rate of violent crime. Chile is a great country for solo travelers to start their South American journey. That said, in major cities like Santiago, pickpocketing does happen so always keep an eye on your belongings. Additionally, catcalling is normal in Chile just like the rest of South America. Climate: Since Chile is so long, it depends on where you go. In the far north, expect scorching hot summers and in Patagonia, be prepared for heavy winds, rain, and cold all year-round. Winters often experience snow in the mountains and in Patagonia. Best SIM cards: Claro or Virgin. Easily purchasable from street vendors who also sell air time. Spanish speaking ability (or a friend who can help) required. Random useful tip: If hiking in Patagonia, bring waterproof hiking shoes, a waterproof and windproof jacket, and clothing that can handle all temperatures, seriously! Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers ($5 - $20): Camping is awesome in Chile! In Patagonia, it will be available just about everywhere you go. If you have a tent with you, expect to pay $5 - $20 to camp at campsites with kitchen facilities and showers. In the San Pedro de Atacama Desert, free camping is available at the park entrance at the Valle de la Luna, and there are plenty of places where you can simply follow car tracks off the road and find a nice, totally secluded spot for the night. Camping is also an option in popular places like the Easter Island. Dorms on the mainland generally cost about $10 - $15 per night, offering free Wi-Fi and breakfast. Consider a HI Network membership to get better rates if you plan on staying exclusively in hostels. Mid-Range Solo Travelers ($20 and up): Expect to pay about $35 - $40 for a private room in a hostel or a budget hotel. Airbnbs average at about $20 for a private room, and at about $55 for an entire unit. Cabanas are very popular in Chile, and you’ll find them in popular areas, especially by the coast. Staying and sharing a locally-run cabana will save a bunch of money – a cabana can often accommodate six or seven people for around $50+ per night. They come with a kitchen so that you can cook your own food as well to save money - this is a particularly good option on Easter Island. Transportation Getting There: The main international airport is Comodoro Arturo Merino Ben?tez International Airport, located in Santiago. Direct flights are available from the US, Canada, New Zealand, Europe, and Australia. Crossing borders overland is possible by bus from Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru. Go for the full-cama beds so that you can recline fully if on an overnight bus. Note that many passes close in winter due to snow. I once missed a flight in April due to this! Getting Around: Public transportation is reliable, cheap, and comfortable in Chile. Local buses (called micros) cover a wide range of routes, and a short single trip typically costs less than $1. Destinations are usually displayed on the window, and a ticket is issued by the bus captain at the point of boarding. Shared taxis (called colectivos) usually cost only slightly more than the local buses, and are much more comfortable. Similar to the local buses, destinations are displayed on the windows. Taxis are metered and widely available in major cities. In Santiago, trains are incredibly efficient, though they get very crowded during peak hours. Inter-city Traveling: Long distance buses are reliable and comfortable. Most inter-city buses have reclining seats, plenty of legroom, and frequent departures. Prices vary between companies, and the most popular bus companies are Tur Bus and Pullman. Buy tickets online, at your hostel, or in person at the bus stations. To reach the wilderness areas that are not accessible by local transportation, it makes sense to rent a car, though my personal recommendation is to rent a campervan and have it double as your accommodation as well. Make sure to double check everything when you pick up the vehicle. Hitchhiking is widely common and sometimes the only option in Patagonia, where the locals are used to hitchhiking and picking up hitchhikers. Food Local Eats ($5 - $10): Local staples include potatoes, avocados, and sweetcorn. Beef is excellent throughout the country. Eating out can be expensive in Chile but it’s worth it now and then. Budget travelers can buy groceries at the local supermarkets and cook their own food at the hostels or campsites, which typically have kitchens and cooking utensils available for guest use. Expect to pay about $30 - $50 for a week’s worth of groceries. Small meals like empanadas, sandwiches, pita bread, and sausages are sold by street vendors. Lunch deals, or menu del dia, offer a complete meal with starter, main, and dessert for about $7 - $10. Restaurants & Bars ($20 - $30): Great quality restaurants and cafes are ubiquitous in major cities. Beef is the country’s pride and it’s definitely worth splurging now and then on a meal out. Expect to pay about $20 for a steak with a glass of wine. I have also had some of the best lamb ever in Patagonia, cooked on a spit and called cordero patagonico, so keep a lookout for that! If you are in the coastal areas, make sure to order Chile’s fish and seafood, which rank among the best in the world. Bars in major cities and coastal areas serve great fruit juices, beer, and wine. Things to do Get Artistic in Valpara?so: Valpara?so is a colorful menagerie of narrow alleyways, spray painted self expression, and colorful houses up steep streets. The entire district is a UNESCO World Heritage site. It’s characterized by tall and narrow streets with tall and narrow houses and funiculars, and in some ways reminds me of San Francisco, which would make sense given its nickname is ‘little San Francisco’. One can easily spend a couple of hours (or even a day or two!) wandering and getting inspired by the street art and its people in this gem of a spot. Explore Easter Island: Standing right in front of the giant Moai statues, towering above us mere mortals, is an incredibly humbling experience. It’s like taking a walk into the past, and contrary to popular belief, it can be done affordably and without the crowds. It is not necessary to go with a tour company, as the island is small, and transportation is available in the form of car rentals, quads, and motorbikes. Other than the humbling, giant statues, other activities on the Easter Island include exploring the Ranu Kau Volcano, going SCUBA diving, surfing, and chilling on the only beach on the island. Camp in the San Pedro de Atacama Desert: The San Pedro de Atacama desert in Northern Chile is famous for a few good reasons: It’s the driest desert in the world, has some of the best viewing for stars in the night sky, and it’s full of otherworldly-looking canyons, lakes, and landmarks. It’s also got plenty of awesome camping spots. Rent a cool campervan, make sure it has a kitchen, bring blankets (it gets very cold at night), plenty of water, and find your own sweet spots. My personal favorite was at the Laguna Chaxa, where I saw the clearest milky way ever. Hike Torres del Paine: Each year this national park gets exponentially more popular as trekkers discover that Torres del Paine in Chile is a stunning adventure, full of changing landscapes and a glimpse of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field, especially from the full O circuit. The trek typically takes about 8 days, with several starting point to choose from. A good tent, shoes, and hiking poles are necessary for this trek. Here is a full guide to trekking the Torres del Paine. Snowshoe in el Cani: The park was founded by locals who wanted to protect this area from the woodworking industry. One of the oldest trees in the world, Araucaria tree, can be seen here. The trail to the private national park is pretty steep, but it’s a great spot to snowshoe in, walking along a former volcano crater, lagoons, and the beautiful trees is a wonderful experience. Get to know Siantiago: Chances are you'll be flying into or out of the capital of Chile at some point during your exploration. This vibrant city has street art, great nightlife, and a culture all its own. Read more about things to do there here. Posts About Chile The World’s Best Road Trips Patagonia Itineraries for One Week to One Month 10 Hikes in Patagonia You Seriously Need to Experience 2020 Guide to the O Circuit in Torres Del Paine The Perfect 9-Day Torres del Paine O Circuit Itinerary The Ultimate Patagonia Guide A Carretera Austral Adventure Guide The Perfect Patagonia Packing List Valpara?so, Chile: The Most Artistic City in the World? The Cost of Traveling in Patagonia (and How to Save) Recommended Products Solo female travel guide Power adapter I always travel with insurance Backpacking Chile Guide packing cubes: A sturdy, waterproof jacket Chile on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17846754262125920 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17844565540128863 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17846646127095803 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17846659810129175 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17853560158040437 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17854074610011665
When I think about New Zealand, a million shades of blue come to mind - blue islands, blue dolphins, blue glaciers, and blue lakes. New Zealand is an outdoorsy person's dream, not to mention the perfect place for road trips thanks to the constantly changing microclimates. New Zealand is breathtakingly beautiful and endlessly fascinating. The country is broken up into two islands, and both are worth exploring. There's great infrastructure and so much to do, one could easily spend years in New Zealand checking out all of the fjords, mountains, and beaches. Located rather close to Australia and thankfully slightly cheaper (thanks mostly to the exchange rate), New Zealand isn't a budget destination by any means, but still offers dorms and busses that cater to the backpacker crowd. I've long toyed with the idea of returning and living there on a long-term basis. Where in New Zealand? New Zealand Get to Know New Zealand 10 most beautiful places 10 spots to get off the beaten path New Zealand is freaking beautiful The perfect South Island itinerary Roy's Peak vs Isthmus Peak Quick Tips Currency: New Zealand Dollar (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 90 day visa-on-arrival available for most nationalities (click here for more information) Safety rating: Ranked 2 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 1.22 (USA is ranked 114 with a score of 2.23). This means New Zealand is one of the safest countries in the world Solo Travel Friendliness: Rated as one of the safest countries in the world, the chances of running into danger in New Zealand are much lower than anywhere else. The Kiwis are incredibly friendly and outgoing. The country is relatively small and easy to navigate. Minor details like bar seating availability at most restaurants, group tours and hostels activities make it easy to meet other solo travelers Climate: Warm summers (November - February) and cold, snowy winters Best SIM cards: Vodafone – cards can be purchased at the airport and major supermarkets Random useful tip: Want to stick around for longer? Most nationalities can apply for a working holiday visa for those aged 30 and under Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers ($2 - $20): For travelers on a shoestring budget, couchsurfing is very common, and camping is widely available. The local Department of Conservation operates more than 250 campsites across the country. Basic campsites with only the essential facilities are free, expect to pay about $2 - $15 for a more equipped campsite. Freedom camping is increasingly discouraged. Hostels are expensive but well facilitated and well located. Expect to pay $20 - $30 for a dorm. Wi-Fi isn’t particularly strong, and some places may charge extra for Internet usage. Mid Budget Solo Travelers ($30 and up): A single room in a hostel or a budget hotel costs about $30 - $50. Motels that are surprisingly well equipped, mid range hotels, and bed & breakfast cost about $50 - $100 for their most basic rooms. Rates could be negotiated during low seasons, and solo travelers could request to pay single rates for double rooms. Airbnbs average at about $25 for a private room, and at about $60 for an entire unit. Transportation Getting There: The main international airports are Auckland Airport and Christchurch International Airport. Direct flights are available from the US, the UK, and Australia. Most travelers travel to New Zealand by air, as sea traveling is possible but could be complicated, and you can’t travel to New Zealand by land. Getting Around: Local buses are reliable and cheap, but usually only operate during daytime on weekdays. A single trip costs about $1 - $3. The main cities have plenty of taxis. They are metered, and generally reliable and trustworthy. Uber is available in Auckland and Christchurch. New Zealand’s weather and road condition are perfect for biking. Renting a bike costs about $10 per day. Though for maximum freedom, it’s best to have a car. Inter-city Traveling: Inter-city bus network is great and inexpensive. A single trip from Christchurch to Queenstown costs about $85. Passes can be obtained to get discounts. The most popular bus companies are Intercity and Newmans. Trains are very slow, but they are a nice way to see the country if you are not in a rush. There are no sleeper services. As many places in New Zealand are not accessible by bus, perhaps the best way to get around is by car, or better yet, by campervan. Car rental is widely available, costs about $40 per day. Hitchhiking is common especially in remote areas – just trust your instincts before getting in. Food Buy Groceries and Cook Your Own Food ($3 - 5): Eating out can be expensive in New Zealand. Budget travelers can buy groceries at the local supermarkets and cook their own food at the hostels or campsites. The best supermarkets for cheap and quality groceries are Pak N’ Save, with a week’s worth of groceries costing about $40 - $50. There are also fast-food style restaurants that serve pizza, burger, fish N chips for about $5. Another option is to eat at Asian restaurants, which also cost about $5 for a meal. Restaurants & Bars ($15 - $50): Great quality restaurants and cafes are ubiquitous in major cities. Fresh seafood and quality lamb are served at about $30 - $50. Unique eats are usually sweet desserts like the classic hokey pokey ice cream, pavlova, and pineapple lumps, which you can get at most cafes. Bars typically serve straightforward food like pizza and burritos for less than $20. Beer costs about $5 - $10 for a pint. Things to do Dolphin Watching in the Bay of Islands: The Bay of Islands offer incredibly blue water, beautiful dolphins swimming in and out of the waves, and gorgeous rock formations. It is no wonder that it is one of the most popular destinations in New Zealand. Not only could you watch and swim with the dolphins, scuba diving, sailing, and hiking are also available. Overall, a wonderful spot you could easily spend more days than planned in. Hike The Waiheke Trail: For visitors looking for an off the beaten path hiking adventure, check out the Waiheke Trail. You will pass through Matietie Historic Reserve, Owhanake Bay, and Island Bay, possibly without seeing another person for hours.A big tip is to opt for the Northern Walk, which allows hikers to see as much of the island as possible without straying too far from the ferry stop. Discover NZ’s Off The Beaten Path Spots: It is not difficult to understand why millions of people flock their way to New Zealand every year – the country is amazing. But even with that many tourists, it is still completely possible to find cool, off the beaten path spots – here are 10 spots worth checking out in New Zealand that you should totally include in your itinerary. See Fox And Franz Josef Glaciers: There are a few options getting up close and personal with these incredible glaciers. You can spend the entire day trekking your way up, which is not bad at all, consider how beautiful the views are, or you can take a helicopter tour and see the glaciers from above. Want the best of both worlds? Heli-hiking Fox and Franz Josef glaciers is available. For the adneraline junkies, skydiving at 19,000ft might be your ideal way of seeing the glaciers. Skydive And Bungee Jump: New Zealand truly is an adneraline paradise. Skydiving is widely available in Queenstown, Auckland, Fox Glacier, Franz Josef Glacier, Tauranga, Taupo, and more! Think about what you want to see as you take off – whether its beaches, mountains, glaciers, or all, and engage with the right company for an experience of a lifetime. As for bungee jumping, there is also something for everybody – from the lowest to the highest, from jumping with a friend to plunging your head into the water, from the cheapest to the most expensive – options are great, just take a pick! Fun fact – the world’s first commercial bungee jump is at Kawarau Bridge, New Zealand. Posts About New Zealand New Zealand Summer Packing List The Perfect New Zealand South Island Itinerary How to Hike Gertrude Saddle in Milford Sound A Comparison of Roy’s Peak vs. Isthmus Peak in Wanaka 10 Iconic Views in New Zealand You Can’t Miss 10 Spots to Get off the Beaten Path in New Zealand Offbeat Travel: Hiking Your Own Trail on Waiheke Island On Cracking Glaciers and Snow-Covered Mountaintops New Zealand is Blue, and I Mean that in the Best Possible Way Islands of Blue Dolphins Recommended Products Solo female travel guide I always travel with insurance packing cubes LOTR Power adapters Shoulder bag New Zealand on BMTM’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17997212074188310 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 18011744182104336 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 18027132769006881 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17848935448343373 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17841503473014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17841500383014783 This error message is only visible to WordPress admins Error: Hashtag limit of 30 unique hashtags per week has been reached. Feed may not display until 12/21/2020 12:13 pm. If you need to display more than 30 hashtag feeds on your site, consider connecting an additional business account from a separate Instagram and Facebook account.
