Germany, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. Everything from the capital city of Berlin to the small, rural towns all over the country, there's something to enjoy whether it be urban, cultural, or natural. Though Germans may not be the type to smile at a random stranger on the street, get into a conversation with a local and you'll come to find that they are typically very friendly, great with English, and contrary to the stereotype, can have a great sense of humor. Germany is a safe place to visit, especially for solo female travelers. Though you do still have to be mindful of pickpockets, unlike much of the rest of Europe, everything in Germany works like clockwork. Trains are (mostly) on time, busses run regularly, and when a shop says it's open, it will be open. I've based myself in Berlin as an expat off and on since June 2014, falling in love with the city and dedicating my time here to exploring the local counterculture, food, and nightlife. Whether you're here in the lively summer, beautiful Autumn (my personal favorite), or the festive winter, these tips will help you plan an awesome trip in Germany. Where in Germany? Germany Get to Know Germany The ultimate Berlin guide: what to do, see, and eat! The best Berlin street food! Fantastic things to do in the summer in Berlin Fantastic things to do in the winter in Berlin The best German Christmas markets A video guide to the best German Christmas markets When I followed my grandmother's journal around Europe, she took me here Quick Tips 'Hello' and 'Thank You' in German: "Hallo" and "Danke" Currency: Euro (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 90-day Schengen visa on arrival for most nationalities (click here for more info) Safety Rating: Ranked 22 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 1.55 (USA is ranked 128 with a score of 2.40) Solo Travel Friendliness: People usually speak fluent English, so communication is rarely a problem. It is very easy to travel around and Germany is fairly safe and solo-travel friendly. However, keep a close eye to your belongings especially in the cities. I have personally been pick pocketed in Berlin Climate: Summer is warm and sometimes humid, autumn and spring are temperate and winters are dark and cold, experiencing freezing temperatures Best SIM cards: I have tested many and my favorite is either Vodafone or 02. SIMs can be purchased in person at any phone shop. Bring your passport. More info about German SIM cards here. Random useful tip: Autumn is a wonderful time to be in Germany - it's much less crowded, the weather is not freezing cold yet, and the changing leaves are beautiful. Don't expect much of anything to be open on Sundays apart from some restaurants and bars. This is primetime for flea market shopping, though! Accommodation Best hostels for low budget solo female travelers ($10 - $35): There are many hostels at different price points throughout the country, making finding a place to rest your head for the night a relatively simple task. Though during peak seasons, it is wise to book ahead as places with good ratings may get booked out quickly. The trendy independent hostels are affordable and often packed with character. Dorms are cheap and usually come with free Wi-Fi and breakfast. Couchsurfing is also popular in major cities. Best hotels for mid budget solo female travelers ($40 - $70): The same independent hostels mentioned above usually also offer private double rooms for about $25, though for full privacy, one may check into one of the many budget hotels in Germany for about $40 - $60 a night. Private rooms usually come with your own bathroom. Airbnbs in Germany offer beautifully decorated accommodation at reasonable price range, with a private room averaging at $40 a night, and an entire unit averaging at $70 a night. Other Accommodation Options: Private houses or farms in remote areas offer accommodations to those who looking for a unique accommodation experience. Especially with farmstays, you will enjoy home cooked meals and a farm life experience. They are also often cheaper than hotel rooms. Camping is possible at designated campsites (wild camping is illegal in Germany). Transportation Getting There: The main international airport is Frankfurt Airport, followed by Munich International Airport and D?sseldorf International Airport. Budget airlines are plentiful, which means entering Germany by air can be very cheap. In terms of crossing borders overland, trains connecting Germany with all of its neighboring countries are the best option other than a car rental. Getting Around: Trains are the main public transportation in Germany. A single trip typically costs around $2 - $4, and you can get different rail passes depending on the length of stay to ride for cheap. Buses and trams are available as well. Cycling is another great way to get around town. Most roads have dedicated cycle paths, and vehicles know to look out for cyclists. Uber in Germany just calls a normal taxi, with an extra €1.50 fee. I recommend only taking taxis if you are traveling in a group or in a hurry, as they are pretty expensive. Inter-city Traveling: Intercity-Express Trains are extremely efficient, traveling up to185 miles / hour, but a ride from Berlin to Munich can cost you close to $200 if you book on the spot. Booking in advance may get you a discounted rate. Other standard intercity express trains are slower but cheaper. Make sure to check the deals on rail passes, such as Eurail, and group tickets available during your visit. There is a car-sharing system called Bla Bla Car that has a similar concept to hitchhiking. Available journeys are published online and they could be much cheaper than taking the trains. If you prefer taking the bus, Flixbus is an affordable option, though it may take much longer than the trains. Budget airlines sometimes offer tickets as cheap as $35 to get from one city to another. Food Street Food ($3 - $5): Food is cheap and hearty in Germany. Particularly in Berlin, where I base myself. Expect to find food trucks, street food kiosks and little restaurants everywhere! You can easily fill your tummy up with sausages, burgers and bratwurst for as low as $3 - $5. Make sure to check out Street Food Thursday, where around 20-30 street food vendors gather from 5-10 p.m. In addition, reflecting the immigration patterns, you can find Turkish and Greek food like kebabs and salads added to the local cuisine scene. Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean and Middle Eastern food can also be found all over Germany. Cafes & Restaurants ($8 and up): Breakfast at a mid-range restaurant costs about $8 - $15. Brunch is popular in Germany, with a hearty meal and coffee at a caf? costing about $13 - $15. Lunch and dinner at a nice restaurant can cost $10 and up. Beer is cheap and excellent (duh), expect to pay $3 - $5 for a bottle. Things to do Take a road trip from Stuttgart: If you are in Stuttgart in the summer, I’ve got 7 day trips that I think you should check out. From hiking up to a gorgeous waterfall, to seeing castles that look like they bounced out of a fairy tale, and to flying in a hot air balloon, there has to be one day trip that floats your boat, or all seven of them! Check Out Underground Berlin: Not on the typical backpacking radar per se, but Kreuzerg is insanely cool and different from the rest of Berlin. The street art here is world-class, and if you enjoy counterculture, you’ll find tons of awesome happenings in the city. Visit the Christmas Markets: Winter in Germany is cold and dark, but the Christmas markets will make up for it. With a glass of Mulled Wine in one hand, gingerbread on the other, while walking under fairly lights and snowflakes, you will find a way to enjoy the German winter, I am sure. For an authentic German Christmas market experience, check out Hattigen; If you are into anything quirky like me, hit Siegburg. My personal favorite? Aachen, for its gingerbread, primarily. Check out Oktoberfest: The world’s biggest beer festival that stretches over two weeks run from late September to the first weekend in October every year in Germany. The locals typically join the festival for a day, but if you are up for a beery challenge, stay as long as you can, raise your glasses, and sing a few German beer songs. Just make sure to book accommodation well in advance! Apps to download DB Navigator (for train travel planning), MyTaxi (Germany’s version of Uber), Fly Europe Posts About Germany The World’s Best Road Trips The 15 Best Cities to Visit in Germany The Best Things to Do in Berlin in the Summer 14 of the Best German Christmas Markets The Best Christmas Markets Near Stuttgart, Germany How to Pack Carry-On Only in the Winter (And Still Look Fabulous) 15 Magical Reasons to Visit Germany in the Winter Why I Decided to Leave Berlin 12 Things to Enjoy During Autumn in Germany The Ultimate Guide to Hohenzollern Sigmaringen Castle Recommended Products Solo female travel guide Power adapter I always travel with insurance How to be German in 50 easy steps packing cubes: shoulder bag Germany on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17841542146014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17842014649014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17841499987014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17841930778014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17841541333014783 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17842025902014783
Argentina is a massive country with so much to offer. From a rich culture, to amazing steak and beautiful landscape including Iguazu Falls and part of Patagonia, there's a practically endless list of things to see and do there. It's a place where the people are beautiful, Mate tea drinking is a communal ritual, spoken Spanish takes on its own form, and soccer is practically a religion. Solo female travelers will have to battle cat calls, which is true in all of Latin America, but the quaint little towns all along Patagonia have their own unique character and it's hard not to love the country as a traveler despite its (few) shortcomings. Where in Argentina? Argentina Get to Know Argentina Bariloche: Argentina’s Gateway to Patagonia The Best Hikes in El Chalten, Argentina The Huemul Circuit: A Tough but Secluded Hike in Patagonia Patagonia Itineraries for One Week to One Month The Cost of Traveling in Patagonia (and How to Save) 24 Things to Know Before You Trek in Patagonia Quick Tips 'Hello' and 'Thank You' in Spanish: "Hola" and "Gracias" Currency: Peso (click here for current conversion rates) Visa: 90-day visa on arrival for US citizens. The reciprocity fee has recently been waived. Australians and Canadians still must pay a reciprocity fee (click here for more info) Safety rating: Ranked 75 on the Global Peace Index with a score of 1.99 (USA is ranked 128 with a score of 2.40) Solo Travel Friendliness: As one of the most developed and safest countries in South America, Argentina is a good place to travel through, though solo ladies will experience a fair amount of catcalling. Accessibility between the cities is easy, and the locals are friendly and love chatting up to solo travelers. Beware of pickpockets, particularly in train stations, and avoid walking alone in quiet, narrow streets at night Climate: It depends on where you go. In the far north, expect scorching hot summers and in Patagonia, be prepared for heavy winds, rain, and cold year-round. Winters often experience snow in the mountains and in Patagonia Best SIM cards: The jury's out on this one. I never found a good company Random useful tip: Getting currency can be a pain in Argentina. The max withdrawal limit is around $100, the exchange rate is constantly fluctuating, and ATMS frequently run out of money and have queues. Don't wait until the last minute to get cash, and research the economic situation before visiting, as prices have gone from relatively cheap to expensive as of late Accommodation Budget Solo Travelers ($5 - $20): In Patagonia, camping will be available just about everywhere you go. If you have a tent with you, expect to pay $5 - $20 to camp at campsites with kitchen facilities and showers. Dorms in popular areas like Buenos Aires and Patagonia cost about $5 – $15 per night, depending on location and facilities, and about $5 - $10 in less popular areas. Consider signing up for a HI membership to get better rates, especially if you plan on staying exclusively in hostels. Mid Budget Solo Travelers ($30 and up): Expect to pay double the price of a dorm for a private room in a hostel or a budget hotel. Mid range hotels with facilities like private showers and swimming pools start from about $30 per night. They tend to cater to business travelers and lack character. For a more authentic accommodation experience, check out the locally run homestays, which typically cost about $30 - $50 per night. Airbnb was my favorite way of booking accommodation, averaging about $15 for a private room, and at about $60 for an entire unit. Transportation Getting There: The main international airport is Ezeiza International Airport, located in Buenos Aires. Direct flights are available from the US, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Crossing borders overland from neighboring countries like Brazil, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Bolivia, is straightforward, usually by buses that are reliable and comfortable. Make sure to have your visa sorted out beforehand. Getting Around: The bus network is extensive and reliable in most cities. The buses are clearly numbered and destination is displayed on a placard. Bus fare for a single trip in the city generally costs less than $1. In the capital, trains are the fastest and cheapest way to get around. Taxis are widely available in major cities, while most of them are metered, some may refuse to use one so make sure to check with the driver before getting into one. Inter-city Traveling: Long distance buses are reliable and comfortable. Most inter-city buses have reclining seats, movies,, and food served on board. They can run anywhere from $20 and up for longer distances and can be booked at your hostel, online (depending on the company) or directly at the bus station. For those on a tight schedule, it sometimes makes sense to rent a car, especially if traveling in areas where buses are infrequent and hitchhiking takes a lot of time. Prepare to pay up if you plan on returning it at the end of the road instead of where you started the trip. Hitchhiking is common and sometimes the only option in places like Patagonia, but not as much elsewhere in the country. Food Buy Groceries and Cook Your Own Food ($3 - 5): Eating out can be expensive in Argentina, especially in Patagonia. Budget travelers can buy groceries at the local supermarkets and cook their own food at the hostels or campsites, which typically have kitchens and cooking utensils available for guest use. Expect to pay about $30 - $50 for a week’s worth of groceries. Small meals like Empanada, sandwiches, pita bread, and sausages are sold by street vendors. Keep an eye out for lunch deals, the menu del dia, at local restaurants where you can get a big meal for about $5. Restaurants & Bars ($20 - $30): Great quality restaurants and cafes are ubiquitous in major cities. Beef is the country’s pride and it’s definitely worth splurging now and then on a meal out. Expect to pay about $20 for a steak with a glass of wine. I have also had some of the best lamb ever in Patagonia, so keep a lookout for that! One thing to note is that dinner starts late in Argentina, and it is common for the locals to turn up in a restaurant for dinner at 10pm. Pasta, pizza and barbeques are local staples, and each region has its own specialties. Things to Do Hike in El Chalt?n: El Chalt?n is proudly the hiking and rock climbing capital of Argentina. Whatever level of fitness you have, chances are you can find something suitable there. In fact, it is my favorite spot in Patagonia. I took a few day hikes and a 4-day hike and while some days were particularly challenging, every day I felt like I was in a different world, as the scenery changed from flat trails with trees dotted along the way, to brilliantly blue lagoons, and to majestic glaciers. Remember to reward yourself with a scoop (or 3, in my case) of ice cream at Domo Blanco afterwards! Hike Huemul Circuit: If you are up for a (true) challenge, check out Huemul Circuit. It is difficult and technical enough to keep most people away, but that can also mean complete solitude almost all of the time - I got sunrise at the glacial lagoon all to myself and my other two hiking buddies! Expect unmarked trails, strapping on a harness and pulling yourself across a wire rope over two rivers, really steep (almost vertical) descents, and the most rewarding views ever. Fret not if all that sounds like too much, as there are other hikes in Patagonia to check out as well. Explore Bariloche: The town itself reminds me of Europe. I was not the biggest fan of the town as it was crowded and touristy, but the beautiful spots outside of the town, I loved. Rent a car and drive around the route of seven lakes, making stops along the way to check out the crystal clear water, or the equally beautiful Cerro Campanario; hike Refugio Frey, Refugio Otto Meiling, and Cerro Tronador. Overall I enjoyed my time there and thought it was a good starting point to the rest of Patagonia. Explore Salta & Jujuy: Salta is a fun and beautiful province located in northwest Argentina. The most popular attraction is Salinas Grandes. They are a giant expanse of white as far as the eye can see – almost like a field of snow but hard and with textured ridges that crisscross the ground in a geometric grid. Jujuy, on the other hand, offers Pumamarca, known as the canyons of Jujuy. You can join a tour and check out these places, or simply take walks, hang out with the llamas, and stuff your face with empanadas. See Iguazu Falls: Iguazu Falls are twice as wide as Niagara Falls! A staggering 450,000 cubic feet of water rushes the cascades every second, which is how they got the nickname “Niagara on Viagra”. It is one of the most magnificent things to see in Argentina, and you can get there easily by local bus. Tango in Buenos Aires: Imagine a European city with Latin vibes – that’s Paris of South America, Buenos Aires, for you. It’s a great place to both head out and explore, and to kick back and relax. It’s a mix of modern and colonial architecture, fabulous nightlife, and fantastic museums. For a true local experience, head to the park and share a mate tea with friends. Posts About Argentina Patagonia Itineraries for One Week to One Month 10 Hikes in Patagonia You Seriously Need to Experience The Ultimate Patagonia Guide 7 Things to Know about Visiting the Perito Moreno Glacier The Perfect Patagonia Packing List The Tale Of Sola En Salta, Argentina The Cost of Traveling in Patagonia (and How to Save) The Best Hiking in El Chalt?n, Argentina In Two Places at Once: Walking from Villa O’Higgins, Chile to El Chalt?n, Argentina Hiking the Huemul Circuit: The Toughest and Most Rewarding Hike in Patagonia Recommended Products Solo female travel guide Power adapter I always travel with insurance Slash-Proof, locking zipper shoulder bag with RFID blocking technology packing cubes: Argentina guide Argentina on @BeMyTravelMuse’s Instagram Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17856179362058629 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17850808159065126 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17852709778002633 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17845685383113660 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17845698913124892 Link to display lightbox Instagram post 17853710221000260
