Updated: 03/03/20 | March 3rd, 2020 Stockholm is one of my favorite places in Europe. In my opinion, it’s one of the prettiest cities on the continent, with historic well-preserved buildings dating back hundreds of years (that medieval center!), lots of parks and green space, and cobblestone streets all set on a beautiful archipelago. I’ve been going to Stockholm for a long, long time (I used to lead tours there, and lived there for a summer) and have stayed in every hostel in town. For a small city, there are a surprising number of places to stay, and since I come here often, I wanted to try them all out! However, it’s not a cheap place to visit. Even the hostels tend to be expensive, and they are often small and cramped. There are few that are terrible beyond measure. But Stockholm also has a lot of incredible hostels! That said, there are a lot of things to consider when selecting a hostel. The top four when picking the best hostel in Stockholm are: Location – Stockholm is big and it can take some time to get around. Pick a place that is central to the sites and nightlife you want to see. All the hostels listed here are in central locations. Price – In Stockholm, you really get what you pay for, so if you go with a really cheap one, you’re probably going to get a hostel that is small, cramped, and doesn’t offer great service. Amenities – Every hostel in the city offers free Wi-Fi, and some have a free breakfast, but if you want more than that, be sure to do your research to find the hostel that best meets your needs! Staff – All the hostels listed here have amazing staff! They are super friendly and knowledgeable. Even if you don’t end up staying at one of the places listed below, be sure to look up reviews to ensure you end up somewhere where the staff is helpful and friendly! They can make or break a hostel! To help you plan your trip, here is my list of the hostels in Stockholm that I like the most. If you don’t want to read the longer list below, the following hostels are the best in each category: Best Overall Hostel: City Backpackers Best Hostel for Budget Travelers: Interhostel Best Hostel for Families: L?ngholmens Vandrarhem Best Hostel for Solo Female Travelers: Generator Stockholm Best Hostel for Digital Nomads: City Hostel – Central Station Best Hostel for Partying: City Backpackers or Generator Stockholm Want the specifics of each hostel? Here’s my comprehensive list of the best hostels in Stockholm: Price Legend (per night) $ = Under $25 USD $$ = $25-35 USD $$$ = Over $35 USD 1. Archipelago Hostel Old Town Archipelago Hostel is one of the nicer hostels in the Old Town, conveniently located in a 17th-century building that’s right near the train line. It’s also near the Nobel Museum, the Royal Palace, and the Cathedral. This hostel is very small, with only a few rooms and a small common area, but I recommend staying here if you’re looking for some peace and quiet. The shower pressure here is super strong too (just be aware that the shower stalls, while private, are in a co-ed bathroom). Archipelago Hostel Old Town at a glance: $ Great location (it’s right in Gamla Stan) Relaxed and quiet so you can get a good sleep Small hostel so it’s easy to meet people Beds from 160 SEK/$18 USD, double rooms from 495 SEK/$55 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at Archipelago Hostel Old Town! 2. Generator Stockholm Generator is one of the biggest European hostel chains, and this is one of its best properties. The furniture is modern, Nordic, and very minimalist! There’s a huge common lounge on the ground floor too, with a restaurant and bar. There’s a laundry facility onsite as well. Its location near the train station makes it an ideal spot to explore nearby attractions, museums, and nightlife. While it is the nicest hostel around (it was only recently built), it’s so big that it often feels impersonal and more like a backpacker hotel than anything else. If you want a more “luxury” hostel or something like a cheap hotel, stay here. If you want a small, social, traditional backpacker place, stay elsewhere. Check the website for deals, which are frequent! Generator Stockholm at a glance: $ Female-only dorms for added privacy and security Social restaurant/lounge for hanging out and meeting people Convenient location near the central station Beds from 165 SEK/$18 USD, double rooms from 1,135 SEK/$125 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at Generator Stockholm! 3. City Backpackers This is my favorite place to stay and by far the best hostel in Stockholm. It has a lovely caf? that offers steep discounts to hostelers and an outdoor eating/sitting area. Its mattresses and pillows are super cozy, and there is a huge kitchen, many common rooms, a free sauna, free pasta, and laundry facilities. You can’t turn a corner without bumping into a public computer, either! It also hosts affordable events, including bike tours, meatball-making classes, pub crawls, and more. This is a very popular hostel, so book in advance! City Backpackers at a glance: $ Organizes tons of events Lots of free perks (free coffee/tea, free pasta, free sauna) Social outdoor patio for relaxing and meeting people Beds from 190 SEK/$20 USD, double rooms from 650 SEK/$72 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at City Backpackers! 4. Skanstull Stockholm My second-favorite hostel in Stockholm, it was remodeled a few years back and has a brand-new, larger kitchen and common area, and the kitchen is one of the nicest I’ve seen in a hostel in a long, long time. The hostel is quite small, but that provides a close-knit setting for getting to know other travelers. It’s located in the southern part of town, in S?dermalm (my favorite area of Stockholm). Skanstull Stockholm at a glance: $ Huge kitchen for cooking your own meals Cozy atmosphere (it’s a smaller hostel so it’s easy to meet people) Recently renovated so everything is clean and new Beds from 200 SEK/$22 USD, double rooms from 775 SEK/$85 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at Skanstull Stockholm! 5. Castanea Old Town Hostel This amazingly central hostel is quiet and clean, and the staff is friendly. The rooms are bright and airy, with large windows and high ceilings. If you don’t want to make your own breakfast, there’s a fantastic small bakery just around the corner. I love the narrow cobblestone street it’s located on! This place is cute, cozy, and relaxing. Castanea Old Town Hostel at a glance: $ Central location close to all the main sights Quiet and laid back atmosphere Close to an amazing bakery Beds from 205 SEK/$23 USD, double rooms from 690 SEK/$76 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at Castanea Old Town Hostel! 6. City Hostel – Central Station The hostel is a 20-minute walk to the Old Town, but it’s the closest to Central Station. The rooms are pretty basic and nothing to write home about. The common area and bathrooms are kept super clean. There’s a great kitchen here too. Overall, this is a pretty average hostel, but if you’re looking for something inexpensive and near the train station, stay here! City Hostel at a glance: $$ Clean bathrooms (a big plus in my books) Quiet and relaxed atmosphere Convenient location near the central station Beds from 240 SEK/$26 USD, double rooms from 495 SEK/$55 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at City Hostel – Central Station! 7. L?ngholmens Vandrarhem This is the best family/group hostel in Stockholm. It’s set inside an old prison, and most rooms have their own shower and toilet. It has free Wi-Fi, a cafeteria, a pub, a restaurant, a laundry room, and bike rentals. Linens are NOT included in the price (nor is breakfast), but they are available for an additional cost. The hostel is located on L?ngholmen Island, surrounded by nature. It opens right onto a beach, where you can take a swim in Lake M?laren during the summer months! HI hostel members receive a discount. L?ngholmens Vandrarhem at a glance: $$ Bike rentals available to help you explore the city easily Large rooms that are great for groups/families Pub/Restaurant on-site that makes meeting people easy and fun Beds from 250 SEK/$28 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at L?ngholmens Vandrarhem! 8. 2Kronor Hostel Vasastan This hostel is in charming house that was built in 1865. It’s quiet here, as it is located in the north of the city, in a nice neighborhood (Vasastan) full of shops, caf?s, and restaurants. This place is really good if you want something more upscale, smaller, and a bit quieter than some of the more centrally located party hostels. 2Kronor Hostel at a glance: $$ Upscale accommodation with a chic vibe Quiet and laid-back atmosphere Delicious breaskfast buffet (for 100 SEK) Beds from 280 SEK/$31 USD, double rooms from 745 SEK/$82 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at 2Kronor Hostel Vasastan! 9. The Red Boat M?laren If you’re looking for a unique place to stay, this cozy hostel is actually on two boats on Lake M?laren, and there’s a sea-themed bar in reception. There’s no kitchen here, but you’re just a five-minute walk to the Old Town. The rooms and bathrooms are small (it’s a boat!), but it’s one of the coolest places to stay, especially in the summer. The Red Boat M?laren at a glance: $$ Unique rooms Bar onboard so you can mingle meet the other guests Convenient location near the Old Town Beds from 310 SEK/$34 USD, double rooms from 520 SEK/$57 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at The Red Boat M?laren! 10. Jumbo Stay STF/IYHF This hostel is actually an old converted 747 plane and the best place to stay if you have to be at the airport really early. There are singles, doubles, and 2–4-bed dorms. The best room is the cockpit suite with a private bathroom (starting at 1,850 SEK/$204 USD). It’s open 24 hours a day and has an onsite restaurant and bar. Towels and linens are included. If need to be by the airport, stay here. It’s super awesome! Jumbo Stay STF at a glance: $$$ Located near the airport (great for layovers) Restaurant/Bar to mingle and meet people Small dorm rooms (2-4 beds) so you won’t be crowded Beds from 450 SEK/$50 USD, double rooms from 1,200 SEK/$132 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at Jumbo Stay STF/IYHF! 11. Interhostel Interhostel might not be the best hostel in town (in fact, it’s one of the worst), but it is the cheapest. If money is your primary concern, you should stay here. Some of the dorm rooms (as well as the kitchen) are small and feel cramped (the larger dorms have up to 14 beds), but the staff is friendly and the hostel is centrally located. Plus, it’s always busy with people, so it’s one of the best places to meet other travelers. For that reason, it makes the list! Interhostel at a glance: $ Cheapest place in town Gret place for meeting people Friendly staff that know the city Beds from 160 SEK/$18 USD, single rooms from 490 SEK/$55 USD. —-> Click here to book your stay at Interhostel! *** Stockholm is easily walkable and has a great metro, so no matter where you are, it’s easy to get around to amazing green spaces and islands, nightlife, and historic areas. Every hostel in Stockholm has its own vibe, but if you’re looking for the best, these are it (remember, City Backpackers is the best). You’ll have a great stay, comfy bed, and fun social environment! What more do you really need? Book Your Trip to Stockholm: Logistical Tips and Tricks Book Your Flight Find a cheap flight by using Skyscanner or Momondo. They are my two favorite search engines because they search websites and airlines around the globe, so you always know no stone has been left unturned. Book Your Accommodation You can book your hostel with Hostelworld as they have the most comprehensive hostel inventory out there. If you want to stay in a hotel or guesthouse, use Booking.com as they consistently return the cheapest rates. If you’re wondering what part of town to stay in, here’s my neighborhood breakdown of Stockholm! Don’t Forget Travel Insurance Travel insurance will protect you against illness, injury, theft, and cancellations. It’s comprehensive protection in case anything goes wrong. I never go on a trip without it, as I’ve had to use it many times in the past. I’ve been using World Nomads for ten years. My favorite companies that offer the best service and value are: World Nomads (for everyone below 70) Insure My Trip (for those over 70) Looking for the best companies to save money with? Check out my resource page for the best companies to use when you travel! I list all the ones I use to save money when I travel — and I think they will help you too! Looking for more information on visiting Stockholm? Check out my in-depth destination guide to Stockholm with more tips on what to see and do, costs, ways to save, and much, much more! Photo credits: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12
Updated: 03/03/20 | March 3rd, 2020 Beautiful and historic, Prague is one of my favorite cities on the continent. And I have a long history with it. It was my first stop on my first trip around the world (all the way back in 2006). Since that original visit, I’ve returned dozens of times, even leading tour groups there. I’ve watched it become increasingly popular with travelers and expats and more cosmopolitan with each passing year. Now, this international city is one of the most visited in Europe (go in the spring or fall to avoid the overbearing crowds) and is home to an outsized number of hostels, given its small size. Over the years, I’ve stayed in dozens upon dozens of hostels here. There are a lot of things to consider when selecting a hostel. The top four when picking the best hostel in Prague are: Location – Prague is huge and it can take some time to get around. Pick a place that is central to the sites and nightlife you want to see. All the hostels listed here are in central locations. Price – In Prague, you really get what you pay for, so if you go with a really cheap one, you’re probably going to get a hostel that is small, cramped, and doesn’t offer great service. Amenities – Every hostel in the city offers free Wi-Fi, and most have a free breakfast, but if you want more than that, be sure to do your research to find the hostel that best meets your needs! Staff – All the hostels listed here have amazing staff! They are super friendly and knowledgeable. Even if you don’t end up staying at one of the places listed below, be sure to look up reviews to ensure you end up somewhere where the staff is helpful and friendly! They can make or break a hostel! To help you plan your trip, here is my list of the hostels in Prague that I like the most. If you don’t want to read the longer list below, the following hostels are the best in each category: Best Hostel for Budget Travelers: PLUS Prague Best Hostel for Solo Female Travelers: Sir Toby’s Hostel or Sophie’s Hostel Best Hostel for Families: PLUS Prague or Old Prague House Best Hostel for Digital Nomads: Little Quarter Hostel or Travel & Joy Best Hostel for Partying: MadHouse Prague Best Overall Hostel: Sophie’s Hostel Want the specifics of each hostel? Here’s my comprehensive list of the best hostels in Tokyo: Price Legend (per night) $ = Under $10 USD $$ = $10-20 USD $$$ = Over $20 USD 1. Sophie’s Hostel This is my favorite hostel in Prague. It is an upscale hostel (and a sister property of the awesome hotel Miss Sophie’s). The rooms have modern finishings, soft beds, clean bathrooms, and showers with incredible water pressure. The downstairs bar is always lively, the hostel run lots of events, and the staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. When booking online, be sure to add the breakfast buffet. It’s well worth the extra 140 CZK ($6 USD). Sophie’s Hostel at a glance: $ Great place to meet people Organizes lots of activities and events Delicious breakfast buffet Beds from 174 CZK ($8 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Sophie’s Hostel! 2. Little Quarter Hostel Located between Prague Castle and Charles Bridge, this hostel is in one of the nicer neighborhoods of Prague. The rooms are clean, and there are privacy curtains for the dorms (always a nice touch) as well as spacious lockers. There’s a roof patio and great views from the top-floor rooms. You can sometimes get discounts when you book directly at the hostel’s website. In contrast to most of the hostels in town, Little Quarter offers a calm, non-partying atmosphere. Little Quarter Hostel at a glance: $ Rooftop patio makes it easy to mingle and meet peple Laid-back vibe Privacy curtains so you can get a decent sleep Beds from 213 CZK ($9 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Little Quarter Hostel! 3. Travel & Joy This new hostel in Prague is close to everything. It’s family owned, so they know a lot about the city. There’s also a yummy traditional Czech restaurant on-site. If you’re here in the summer, check out the great new terrace. This is also another low-key hostel, so stay here if you aren’t looking to party but rather want something small and intimate. Travel & Joy at a glance: $$ Chill terrace for meeting people Restaurant on-site (with delicious food) Convenient location in the heart of the city Beds from 220 CZK ($10 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Travel & Joy! 4. Hostel DownTown If you’re looking to party and socialize, this is one of the best hostels in Prague to do it. It offers free city and castle tours, talent shows, pub crawls, cooking classes, beer pong, and more. It also has communal dinners a few times a week. Ask for a spot on the fifth or sixth floor, as you’ll have a great view of Prague. Hostel DownTown at a glance: $$ Party hostel so it’s easy to meet people Organizes lots of events (pub crawls, cooking classs, walking tours) Regular communal dinners Beds from 243 CZK ($11 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Hostel DownTown! 5. Post Hostel Prague Another great social hostel, with a game room with a foosball table, PlayStation, and board games. There’s free breakfast, coffee, and tea. The rooms are large, and the beds are pretty comfy (the pillows are just OK), and all the beds have privacy curtains too! I love all the art on the walls. If you book on the hostel’s website, you can find all kinds of discounts, including some for students, for four-night stays (or longer), and for birthday stays. Post Hostel Prague at a glance: $$ Great place to meet people Lots of free perks (like free breakfast and free coffee/tea) Tons of discounts available when you book direct Beds from 297 CZK ($13 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Post Hostel Prague! 6. Hostel Santini Prague This hostel is one of the most beautiful in Prague. It’s in a baroque building that dates back to the 17th century. There’s even a piano (something you don’t usually see in a hostel) in the lobby. Located just below the Prague Castle, it has lots of character, offers a free breakfast, and has quiet and spacious and well-lit rooms. Hostel Santini Prague at a glance: $$ Laid-back and quiet atmosphere (not a party hostel) Free breakfast Clean and well-kept interior (feels like a hotel) Beds from 308 CZK ($13 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Hostel Santini Prague! 7. Old Prague Hostel Just a three-minute walk to the Old Town Square, this popular hostel is one of the most central in the city and always full so it’s easy to meet people. Try to get a bed on an upper floor, as the nightclub below is noisy all night. The dorms are bit cramped, though, but the breakfast is free and includes sandwiches, cereals, milk, and coffee. You stay here for the location and the social scene. Old Prague Hostel at a glance: $$ Great place to meet people Convenient central location Free breakfast Beds from 308 CZK ($13 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Old Prague Hostel! 8. McSleep Hostel Prague This small, family-run hostel (just 22 beds) is located away from the all the tourists. By staying here, you’ll get more of a B&B than a hostel vibe. The family is really nice, the neighborhood is “real” Prague (local, not touristy), and it’s near one of the best parks in town. The beds are super soft, the bathrooms are kept clean, and they even give you free slippers. It’s a very homey hostel! McSleep Hostel Prague at a glance: $$ Cozy B&B vibe Quiet and intimate atmosphere Awesome location in a quiet neighborhood Beds from 388 CZK ($17 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at McSleep Hostel Prague! 9. Hostel One This is one of the poshest hostels in town, with three locations. Guests get a free homemade dinner each night and can join in on organized activities, including drinking games and walking tours. The hostels are clean and have lounges with TVs, Netflix, and PlayStations or Nintendo 64s. They are on the more expensive side, but you’re paying for super soft beds, modern amenities, and all those events! There are age restrictions (typically 18 to 36), so check before booking a bed. The locations are called: Hostel One at a glance: $$ Organizes tons of activities (walking tours, drinking games) Great place to meet other travelers Lots of fun ammenities (Netflix, video games, TVs) M?ru – The newest Hostel One in Prague is located in the N?m?st? M?ru neighborhood. There are a ton of bars, restaurants, and markets nearby, and the city center is just a 15-minute walk. Beds from 313 CZK ($14 USD). Home – Hostel One Home is right in the center of town. It’s a party spot! Beds from 365 CZK ($16 USD). Prague – This hostel is in the ?i?kov district, with the most nightlife and dining options concentrated in one area than anywhere else in Prague. The Old Town is a 15-minute walk. Beds from 313 CZK ($14 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Hostel One M?ru! —-> Click here to book your stay at Hostel One Home! —-> Click here to book your stay at Hostel One Prague! 10. The MadHouse Prague If you want to meet people and are looking for a party, this is the best hostel in Prague to do that! It’s really a madhouse here! The d?cor includes very cool murals. The knowledgeable staff organize events for all guests (every night!) and can also help you find cool daytime activities around town. It’s super popular and one of the best social hostels in the city. Don’t come here if you want to sleep and not party! The MadHouse Prague at a glance: $$$ Lively party hostel Organizies tons of activities Super easy to meet people Beds from 500 CZK ($22 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at MadHouse Prague! 11. Old Prague House This centrally located hostel has comfy beds and pillows, and best of all, you get your own bed (no bunks). There’s a great courtyard terrace to relax in. It is family friendly too. Discounts are often offered when you book directly, but they sometimes require a three-night minimum. Old Prague House at a glance: $$$ Relaxing courtyard for hanging out and meeting people Family-friendly Single beds only (no bunk beds) Beds from 517 CZK ($23 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Old Prague House! 12. The RoadHouse Prague This property is the newer, quieter sister property of MadHouse Prague. The staff is great, as is the location (close to Charles Bridge). It’s social, but not wild. The beds are large and comfy, and there are privacy curtains and huge drawers for your things. The staff organizes activities each day, which might include tours or festivals. Be sure to join the group for family dinners — they’re incredible. The RoadHouse Prague at a glance: $$$ Social atmosphere so it’s easy to meet people Privacy curtains so you’ll get a decent sleep Organizes lots of activities and events Beds from 600 CZK ($26 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at The RoadHouse Prague! 13. Sir Toby’s Hostel Sir Toby’s Hostel is friendly place to stay, with super fluffy pillows and comfortable beds. This hostel is located in the Hole?ovice neighborhood, outside the city center, so it’s a more local and chill neighborhood. If you want to experience Prague outside the busy center, this is the spot for you. Sir Toby’s also has a free walking tour that’s pretty good. It’s also one of the cheapest hostels in Prague! Sir Toby’s Hostel at a glance: $ Organizes daily walking tours Located in a laid-back neighborhood far from the tourist crowds Super affordable dorms Beds from 171 CZK ($7 USD). Single private rooms are from 1,177 CZK ($50 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Sir Toby’s Hostel! 14. PLUS Prague PLUS Prague is another hostel located in Hole?ovice, but this one comes with an added bonus of a swimming pool and sauna. I really like this place, especially in the summer, since they have a huge outdoor courtyard. It also has a huge common area/dining hall, a decent restaurant, and spacious rooms. Think of it as a mini-motel for travelers but nicer and more social. I still talk to the people I met here! PLUS Prague at a glance: $ Huge courtyard makes it easy to meet people Free pool and sauna Restaurant on-site makes it easy to mingle and hang out Beds from 104 CZK ($5 USD). Twin private rooms are from 1,014 CZK ($45 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at PLUS Prague! *** The city of Prague is filled with countless hostels (OK, maybe not countless — Hostelworld lists 140). You have a lot of options to choose from. But rather than spend hours searching for the perfect place to stay (because who wants to end up in a dump?), use this list of best hostels in Prague, based on years of experience, to set you in the right direction! Get Your In-Depth Budget Guide to Europe! My detailed, 200+ page guidebook is made for budget travelers like you! It cuts out the fluff found in other guidebooks and gets straight to the practical information you need to travel and save money while backpacking around Europe. You’ll find suggested itineraries, budgets, ways to save money, on and off the beaten path things to see and do, non-touristy restaurants, markets, and bars, and much more! Click here to learn more and get started! Book Your Trip to Prague: Logistical Tips and Tricks Book Your Flight Find a cheap flight by using Skyscanner or Momondo. They are my two favorite search engines, because they search websites and airlines around the globe so you always know no stone is being left unturned. Book Your Accommodation You can book your hostel with Hostelworld. It has the best inventory. If you want to stay at another type of place, use Booking.com as it consistently returns the cheapest rates for guesthouses and cheap hotels. Don’t Forget Travel Insurance Travel insurance will protect you against illness, injury, theft, and cancellations. It’s comprehensive protection in case anything goes wrong. I never go on a trip without it, as I’ve had to use it many times in the past. I’ve been using World Nomads for ten years. My favorite companies that offer the best service and value are: World Nomads (for everyone below 70) Insure My Trip (for those over 70) Looking for the best companies to save money with? Check out my resource page for the best companies to use when you travel! I list all the ones I use — and I think will help you too! Looking for more information on visiting Prague? Check out my in-depth destination guide to Prague with more tips on what to see and do, costs, ways to save, and much, much more!
