Updated: 12/15/20 | December 15th, 2020 Hostels in Sydney are expensive. Since I started visiting the city, I’ve seen hostel prices skyrocket as just the cost of living in Australia has gone up. Even when you factor in the favorable exchange rate right now, it’s just expensive to get a bed here, especially at some of the larger, more upscale hostels. However, with a little planning, you can make sure you’re getting the most bang for your buck. The cheapest hostels in Sydney are found in the King’s Cross area. An eight-bed dorm starts around AU$26, while a four-bed dorm starts around AU$33. Private rooms range between AU$80-120 per night, depending on things such as location and whether the bathroom is shared or private. (Pro Tip: Avoid the Jolly Swagman! It’s a horrible place to stay.) I’ve been visiting Sydney for a decade and have stayed in dozens upon dozens of places. There are a lot of things to consider when selecting a hostel. The top four when picking the best hostel in Sydney are: Location – Sydney is huge and it can take some time to get around. Pick a place that is central to the sites and nightlife you want to see. All the hostels listed here are in central locations. Price – In Sydney, you really get what you pay for, so if you go with a really cheap one, you’re probably going to get a hostel that is small, cramped, and doesn’t offer great service. Amenities – Every hostel in the city offers free Wi-Fi, and most have a free breakfast, but if you want more than that, be sure to do your research to find the hostel that best meets your needs! Staff – All the hostels listed here have amazing staff! They are super friendly and knowledgeable. Even if you don’t end up staying at one of the places listed below, be sure to look up reviews to ensure you end up somewhere where the staff is helpful and friendly! They can make or break a hostel! To help you plan your trip, here is my list of the hostels in Sydney that I like the most. If you don’t want to read the longer list below, the following hostels are the best in each category: Best Hostels in Sydney Best Hostel for Budget Travelers: Hump Backpackers Best Hostel for Families: Sydney Harbor YHA Best Hostel for Solo Female Travelers: Wake Up! Sydney Central Best Hostel for Digital Nomads: Big Hostel Best Hostel for Partying: Mad Monkey Bayswater Best Overall Hostel: Sydney Harbor YHA or Mad Monkey Backpackers Want the specifics of each hostel? Here’s my comprehensive list of the best hostels in Sydney: Price Legend (per night) $ = Under $20 USD $$ = $20-30 USD $$$ = Over $30 USD 1. Hump Backpackers I like this hostel because it’s social. The staff hosts plenty of activities (beer pong, BBQs, pancake breakfasts). There’s free breakfast, all-day coffee and tea, and different activities every night. The beds are comfy and soft, showers are kept clean, and the room lockers are huge. Hump Backpackers is in the Kings Cross area, surrounded by restaurants, shops, and bars so there’s a bunch of things to do in the area. Heads up: you have to be 18-35 years old to stay here. Hump Backpackers at a glance: $ Great place to meet people Organizes lots of activities (BBQs, beer pong) Lots of free perks (free breakfast, free coffee/tea all day) Beds from 18 AUD ($13 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Hump Backpackers! 2. Lord Wolseley This hostel is located on the upper floors of a historic bar and restaurant that has been around since 1881 (which, for Australia, is damn old!). There’s no real common space, and the kitchen is basically a toaster but you’re very near Chinatown so there are cheap eats nearby. The downstairs bar is always lively and they play incredible blues music on Saturday nights. The rooms themselves are pretty small with simple finishings. Its location near Chinatown and Central Station makes it one of the cheaper places to stay in town. Darling Harbour is just a five minute walk. Lord Wolseley at a glance: $$ Bar has great live music Convenient location near lots of cheap restaurants Quiet and laid-back atmosphere Dorms from 32 AUD ($24 USD), private rooms from 81 AUD ($61 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Lord Wolseley! 3. Asylum Sydney Backpackers Hostel The staff at this hostel are the absolute best! They are always the most friendly and helpful I encounter in the city. Asylum is close to Kings Cross station, and it’s just a 30-minute walk to the Opera House and the Botanic Gardens. Security is first-rate, with two locked front doors and security cameras. The dorms are huge (but they fit maximum eight people) and all have their own ensuite bathroom. There are common areas inside and outside and they also host meditation sessions and vegan nights too! Asylum Sydney Backpackers Hostel at a glance: $$ Lots of common areas make it easy to meet people Super safe and secure No alcohol allowed (so it’s nice and quiet) Beds from 33 AUD ($24 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Asylum Sydney Backpackers Hostel! 4. Mad Monkey Bayswater This is another fun hostel, with a very lively social scene! There’s a party every night, a movie room, yoga classes, and a rooftop BBQ. Take the spiral staircase to the basement, and you’ll find a fully-equipped chill out zone with pool tables and even a Playstation gaming area. You get a free breakfast at the Mad Monkey Restaurant (which is delicious) each morning. Honestly, there’s so much to do at this hostel you might find it difficult to leave — but just beyond the front door is some of Sydney’s best bars, clubs, and restaurants. (The hostel itself is on a quiet street, though.) You have to be 18 to 35 to stay here. Kings Cross Backpackers at a glance: $ Party vibe makes it easy to meet people Organizes lots of activities (movie nights, BBQs, yoga classes) Lots of great bars and clubs nearby Beds from 18 AUD ($13 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Kings Cross Backpackers! 5. Sydney Harbor YHA This is the only hostel in city’s historic harbourside area (The Rocks), and it has unreal rooftop panoramic views over the city and the famous Opera House. Sydney Harbor Bridge, Sydney Harbor, and Luna Park are also within walking distance. The rooms are incredibly spacious, and each bed comes with its own reading light. There’s also a large kitchen, several communal areas (including the excellent rooftop terrace), and even a grocery store on-site. To me, this is the best hostel in Sydney! Sydney Harbor YHA at a glance: $$ Rooftop terrace makes it easy to meet people Grocery store on-site Close to the Opera House and Harbour Bridge Beds from 25 AUD ($26 USD), private rooms from 124 AUD ($92 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Sydney Harbor YHA! 6. Big Hostel A budget, “boutique” spot in Surry Hills, Big Hostel is centrally located and I love the roof terrace with its super views over the city. They also have sundeck with a beautiful garden. You can BBQ up there as well. There’s 24/7 free coffee and tea, and breakfast is included. The kitchen has lots of space for your groceries. The rooms are are huge and the pillows are super cozy but the metal frames creak a bit. They do have lockers though. Big Hostel at a glance: $$ Rooftop terrace offers amazing views of the city Lots of free perks (free breakfast, free coffee/tea) Great place to meet people Beds from 34 AUD ($25 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Big Hostel! 7. Blue Parrot Backpackers This hostel in Potts Point (a happening neighborhood) is run by two sisters, Effie and Sasha. The rooms are pretty standard without a lot of amenities but the hostel is super homey and feels like you’re staying with family. The hostel organizes events and pub crawls too. Potts Point is one of the most cosmopolitan parts of Sydney so I really dig staying here. It’s a lot more relaxed than most of the other hostels in the city. You have to be 18-35 to stay in the dorms. Blue Parrot Backpackers at a glance: $$ Organizes lots of activities (trivia nights, bar crawls) Quiet and relaxed atmosphere Super homey vibe Beds from 39 AUD ($29 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Blue Parrot Backpackers! 8. Mad Monkey Backpackers on Broadway Soft beds, clean showers with great water pressure, and free breakfasts make Mad Monkey Backpackers awesome. I also like the yoga classes and access to a local gym you get. The staff organizes activities and nights out (including a traditional Australian BBQ). One of the downsides is that the common areas and kitchen are small. It’s nearly impossible to cook while others are around. But the central location, friendly staff, and awesome amenities make this one of my favorite places to stay. Mad Monkey Backpackers on Broadway at a glance: $ Free access to the nearby gym Organizes lots of activities (BBQs, yoga, trivia nights) Free breakfast Beds from 18 AUD ($13 USD), privates from 36 AUD ($27 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Mad Monkey Backpackers on Broadway! 9. Wake Up! Sydney Central Wake Up! is, in many ways, like a backpacker hotel. With its eight floors, hyper-trendy and clean look, and small common areas, you might think it would be hard to meet people. The large size does make it sort of hard to meet people outside the common areas or your room, but the big bar downstairs lets you meet all the people you see coming and going. I really liked my time there, and I especially enjoyed the high water pressure in the showers and un-creaky beds. The hostel is located just next to the Central Station so it’s easy to get to and from the airport. Book directly to save some money as they often have deals. Wake Up! Sydney at a glance: $$ Bar on-site makes it easy to meet people Convenient location near the central station Discounts for booking direct Beds from 25 AUD ($26 USD), privates from 95 AUD ($71 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Wake Up! Sydney! 10. Wake Up! Bondi Beach If you love the beach, you can’t beat this place — it is just seconds from the sand! There’s an awesome rooftop space overlooking Bondi Beach. The hostel offers free surfboards. There are also free yoga classes, walking tours, and other fitness activities. They also host BBQ parties and pizza nights! The rooms are comfy and the showers just fine. Wake Up! Bondi at a glance: $$ Amazing location on the beach Tons of free perks (yoga, surfboards, free tours) Awesome rooftop lounge with great views Beds from 38 AUD ($28 USD), private rooms from 82 AUD ($61 USD). —-> Click here to book your stay at Wake Up! Bondi! *** There are a lot of amazing hostels in Sydney, but to me, these places above are the best hostels in the city. They offer all the things that I think are important when picking a great hostel. If you stay in any of these hostels while in Sydney, you won’t go wrong! If you have any suggestions, leave them in the comments! Book Your Trip to Sydney: Logistical Tips and Tricks Book Your Flight Find a cheap flight by using Skyscanner or Momondo. They are my two favorite search engines, because they search websites and airlines around the globe, so you always know no stone is being left unturned. Book Your Accommodation You can book your hostel with Hostelworld as they have the largest inventory. If you want to stay somewhere other than a hostel, use Booking.com as it consistently returns the cheapest rates for guesthouses and cheap hotels. Here’s a list of the best neighborhoods in Sydney too so you can pick the right area for your visit. Don’t Forget Travel Insurance Travel insurance will protect you against illness, injury, theft, and cancellations. It’s comprehensive protection in case anything goes wrong. I never go on a trip without it, as I’ve had to use it many times in the past. I’ve been using World Nomads for ten years. My favorite companies that offer the best service and value are: World Nomads (for everyone below 70) Insure My Trip (for those over 70) Medjet (for additional repatriation coverage) Looking for the best companies to save money with? Check out my resource page for the best companies to use when you travel! I list all the ones I use — and I think they will help you too! Looking for more information on visiting Sydney? Check out my in-depth destination guide to Sydney with more tips on what to see and do, costs, ways to save, and much, much more! Photo credits: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
Posted: 2/13/2020 | February 13th, 2020 Cape Town is one of those places I can never get enough of. Its natural beauty, climate, people, chill atmosphere, and delicious food scene always make my visits memorable. Backed by Table Mountain, Cape Town is really one of the most beautiful cityscapes in the world. There’s a lot to see and do in the city, so to help you make the most of your trip, here is my suggested itinerary for four (or more) days. Suggested Itinerary Overview Day 1: Table Mountain, City Center, Walking Tour, & more! Day 2: Robben Island, Kirstenbosch Gardens, Lion’s Head, & more! Day 3: Cape of Good Hope, Boulders Beach, Penguins, & more! Day 4: District Six Museum, Muizenberg Beach, Hout Bay, & more! Day 5 (or more): Kalk Bay, Signal Hill, Slave Lodge, & more! Cape Town Itinerary: Day 1 Take a Free Walking Tour For a thorough introduction to Cape Town, I recommend taking at least one free walking tour. As you know, I always do that when I arrive in a new city, to help me get a sense of the destination’s culture and history and orient myself. Some of my favorite walking tours are: Free Walking Tours Cape Town Ashanti Free Walking Tours City Sightseeing Just be sure to tip your guide at the end, as that’s how they make their living. Explore the City Center Your next stop should be Cape Town’s city center. You’ll find all kinds of shopping, caf?s, restaurants, and markets along Long Street. Take several hours to explore and see it all. To see more of Cape Town’s eclectic neighborhoods and get a feel for the local pace of life, here are some specific areas worth exploring: Green Market Square – Right off Long Street, this is a perfect place to find local handicrafts and souvenirs. There are all sorts of crafts and gifts here. Don’t be afraid to haggle for a good deal! Victoria and Alfred’s Waterfront – This is another impressive shopping locale, with a large variety of shops and entertainment. It’s on the historic working harbor, the architecture is quite charming, and it’s extremely popular with both tourists and locals alike. Grab a seat on a waterfront restaurant’s balcony, have a drink, and soak up the atmosphere. Bo-Kaap – Not far from the city center is Bo-Kaap, a colorful Muslim neighborhood. This area, previously the home of Cape Town’s slave population, is known to be quite Instagram friendly (you’ve likely seen it on IG already!). Each home is painted a different color and you can tour the area on your own (although you’ll probably enjoy it a lot more if you take a free walking tour). If you don’t tour with a group, be sure to get a overview of the area’s history at the Bo-Kaap Museum. It’s small, but the staff is quite friendly and super knowledgeable. Admission is 20 ZAR ($1.36 USD) per person. De Waterkant – A nice place to spend the evening is the De Waterkant neighborhood. Not far from Bo-Kaap, this trendy area (think NYC’s Greenwich Village) is the perfect place to stroll, window-shop, and enjoy an upscale dinner. The architecture is quite stylish in what is Cape Town’s “pink” (gay-friendly) district. The Cape Quarter shopping mall is here as well. Woodstock – This is one of the coolest neighborhoods in Cape Town. In recent years, it’s become a hub for art galleries, co-working spaces, breweries, and hip restaurants. What was once an old, rundown industrial area is now one of the coolest places in town. Visit Table Mountain A visit to Cape Town isn’t complete without taking in the view from Table Mountain. It’s a bit of a walk up there, but it’s totally worth it. The shortest trail takes about two hours, but if you’re short on time, you can take the cable car, which takes about five minutes each way (it’s a bit pricey at 330 ZAR ($22 USD) for a round-trip ticket, though). Up top, you’ll have a 360-degree view of Cape Town, the harbor, the mountains, and the beaches. Try to come up during sunset, or if you can, bring some food and drink and have a picnic! Keep in mind that the clouds can move in really fast here, so be sure to check the weather before you hike up. I suggest hiking up and then taking the cable car down if you’re short on time. If you want to extend your stay, hike both ways and spend some time relaxing and taking in the view. If you pack some water and snacks, you can easily make this a full-day activity. There are shops at the summit as well as several other hiking trails to explore if you’re looking to work up a sweat. Note: I put this at the end of the day so you can do the walking tours in the morning, but you can also make this a full-day activity if you want! It’s worth taking it slow here if you have the time. Cape Town Itinerary: Day 2 Visit Robben Island Hop on a ferry from the Victoria and Alfred Waterfront and head to Robben Island, located about 8km from shore, where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned for 18 of his 27 years behind bars. Declared a UNESCO Heritage Site in 1999, the museum is an important symbol in South Africa, representing the triumph of democracy over apartheid. The tour guides are former prison inmates, and you can to sit in the cells where the political prisoners once lived. No visit to Cape Town is complete without coming here. Do not skip this! Ferries operate three times a day, starting at 9am (a fourth ferry operates during the summer season). Admission is 320 ZAR ($22 USD) for adults and 200 ZAR ($13.50 USD) for anyone under 18, which includes the ferry ride. Expect the entire trip to take at least four hours. Visit Kirstenbosch Garden Located in the southern suburbs, these gardens were established over 300 years ago and have more than 22,000 types of plants found on the African continent. Spanning over 1,300 acres, this is unlike any other botanical garden you’ve seen! Be sure to do the tree canopy walkway. There are restaurants and caf?s on-site, but they are expensive, so I’d bring your own food and have a picnic on the grounds. Rhodes Drive, Newlands, +27 0800-434-373, sanbi.org/gardens/Kirstenbosch. Open daily 8am-6pm (7pm in the summer). Admission is 70 ZAR ($5 USD) per person (discounts available for students and children). Watch the Sunset from Lion’s Head Table Mountain’s little sister, Lion’s Head, is perfect for an evening hike. It takes just 45 minutes to hike to the top, so time your trek so you’re at the peak for sunset. It’s one of the most scenic spots in town. Also, remember a flashlight for the trek back down. Cape Town Itinerary: Day 3 See the Penguins While you’re in Cape Town, you won’t want to pass up seeing the area’s cutest inhabitants: African penguins! This colony is home to over 3,000 penguins. They live at Boulders Beach Park, and you can view them from a raised boardwalk (further down the beach you can swim with them if you’re really bold — expect freezing water!). Just keep in mind that they are wild animals. The beach is their home, not yours — so keep your distance and don’t try to feed or pet them. They are wild animals after all. Visit Slave Lodge Built in 1679, this is one of the oldest remaining buildings in Cape Town. It is where the Dutch East India Company housed their slaves until 1811. Over 60,000 African and Asian slaves were brought to the city, and almost 300 men and women were forced to reside in the lodge at a time. Today, the lodge is a museum where you can learn about the hardships slaves faced in their daily lives in Cape Town. Corner of Adderley Street and Wale St, +27 2- 467-7229, slavery.iziko.org.za/slavelodge. Tour Parliament Take a tour of the parliament of South Africa and learn about South African politics — including how the country was governed during the apartheid era. Dating back to 1884, the Houses of Parliament are National Heritage Sites; the original building was granted approval by Queen Victoria when Cape Town was a British colony. Today, they host daily hour-long tours during the week, and you can even book a spot (at least one week in advance) to watch debates if you’re interested. 120 Plein St, +27 (021) 403 2266, parliament.gov.za/visiting-parliament. Tours are held daily, but advance booking is required. Admission is free. Hike Signal Hill For some beautiful sunset views, hike up to the top of Signal Hill. The climb is tiring and takes around 90 minutes, but the views are worth it (you can also drive or take a taxi up to the top). You’ll get a sweeping vista of Cape Town, including a view overlooking Table Mountain too. Just be sure to give yourself lots of time, so that you don’t miss the sunset. Cape Town Itinerary: Day 4 Visit the District Six Museum In 1867, District Six was established for freed slaves, immigrants, and marginalized individuals. Under apartheid (1948–1994), the district was declared a “white area” and the existing residents were forced out. Over 60,000 people were forced from their homes, and this museum highlights their struggles and stories. It provides important context to the city’s modern history and ongoing struggles. 25A Albertus St, +27 21-466-7200, districtsix.co.za. Open Monday-Saturday 9am-4pm. Admission is 45 ZAR ($3 USD) or 60 ZAR ($4 USD) for a guided tour. Hit the Beach Cape Town has some incredible beaches, so make sure you spend at least part of a day on one of them. Clifton Beach is probably the most popular. The sand is super white and the water a bright blue. Unfortunately, it’s cold pretty much year-round, so don’t expect warm tropical waters. The scenery is gorgeous though, with the mountains behind you and mansions and upscale restaurants lining the beach road. Another option is Muizenberg Beach, which is a 30-minute drive from the city center. This beach has a famous boardwalk and is great for surfing. Check Out the Wildlife If you head down Muizenberg Beach, be sure to stop at Hout Bay. This harbor is home to tons of seals and seabirds. If you’re visiting between June and November, keep your eyes peeled for the migrating whales. Right whales, humpback whales, Bryde’s whales, and dolphins can all be found here. If you’re looking for a meal, the fish and chips in this area of town are to die for. And don’t miss the Bay Harbour Market on the weekend: vendors sell everything from fresh fish to jewelry to local art, and there are often live bands too. Explore the South African National Gallery The Iziko South African National Gallery is home to an extensive collection of both South African and African art, as well as English, Dutch, and French pieces. The collection focuses on works from the 17th to 19th centuries, including paintings, sculptures, sketches, and lithographs. They also facilitate an ever-changing rotation of contemporary artwork from both locals, as well as visiting exhibitions from across Africa and around the world (visit the website to see what temporary exhibitions are available during your visit). Additionally, the gallery has a lot of insightful information about art and censorship during apartheid. Government Ave, +27 21 481 3970, iziko.org.za. Open daily 9am-5pm. Admission is 30 ZAR ($2 USD). Cape Town Itinerary: Day 5 (or More!) If you have more than four days in Cape Town, here are some other fun things to see and do during your trip. Most of these will take you out of the city, so you can see more of this beautiful region of the country. Consider renting a car to make things easier! Visit Kalk Bay This fishing village makes for a nice spot to go window-shopping (or actual shopping if you want some souvenirs). There are plenty of seaside caf?s you can relax in for a few hours, away from the busy city center. Journey to the Cape of Good Hope The Cape of Good Hope is where the Atlantic and Indian Oceans meet, and the drive there from Cape Town is one of the best on the continent. You’ll want to take the route along Chapman’s Peak, a winding and scenic road along the Atlantic coast. It’s a toll road, but the views are very much worth the price. The Cape of Good Hope is located in Table Mountain National Park, which stretches all the way from Table Mountain in Cape Town to the tip of the continent. This nature reserve is home to numerous birds and animals, including antelope, Cape mountain zebra, eland, and baboons. Keep in mind that, while the baboons may look cute, they are still wild animals, so be careful around them and keep your food secured and out of sight. There is a lot to see, so plan for a full-day excursion. If you don’t have your own car, you can book a tour with the Cape Point Explorer for 740 ZAR ($50 USD). Enjoy Some Wine If you love wine, head to the Stellenbosch area. If you have a car, it’s just 45 minutes outside of the city and is home to hundreds of vineyards. The wine from this region is world-famous, and the scenery is breathtaking, offering towering mountains and lush valleys. Tastings typically run about 60-75 ZAR ($4-5 USD), and food pairings are available as well. Some suggested wineries to check out are: Spier Wine Farm (one of the oldest in the region) Marianne Wine Estate (offers a classic French winery experience) Waterford Wine Estate (they pair their wines with decadent local chocolates) If you don’t have a vehicle and want to take a tour, expect to pay at around 1,000 ZAR ($68 USD) per person for a half-day tour of the region and its wineries. Many hostels run their own tours to the region or have partnerships with local tour guides who can take you as well. Be sure to shop around! Learn to Surf Cape Town is a super place to learn how to surf (though it’s also terrific for experienced surfers). Surfer’s Corner at Muizenberg Beach is known for its beginner waves, and there are plenty of surfing schools around where you can rent a board and take lessons. Expect to pay around 500 ZAR ($34 USD) per person for a 2-3-hour lesson. *** Cape Town is one of my favorite cities on the African continent. With its terrific hikes, beautiful scenery, and important history, Cape Town has something for everyone. And, thanks the rand’s value, it’s affordable enough, so it’s easy to visit without breaking the bank. Let this Cape Town itinerary help you make the most of your visit there. Book Your Trip to Cape Town: Logistical Tips and Tricks Book Your Flight Find a cheap flight by using Skyscanner or Momondo. They are my two favorite search engines, because they search websites and airlines around the globe, so you always know no stone is being left unturned. Book Your Accommodation You can book your hostel with Hostelworld as they have the most comprehensive inventory. If you want to stay somewhere else, use Booking.com, as they consistently return the cheapest rates for guesthouses and hotels. My favorite places to stay in Cape Town are: The Backpack Cape Town – A fair-trade hostel with a swimming pool and garden, as well as activities most nights. They do a lot of good work for social change! Ashanti Lodge Gardens – You can hang out at the pool or the landscaped gardens here, or in the awesome Kumasi Bar, with its views of Table Mountain. They have a great bar menu too! 91 Loop – When you stay here, you get a free breakfast, free city walking tours, the opportunity to take part in organized activities, and discounts on the Honey Badger restobar. Don’t Forget Travel Insurance Travel insurance will protect you against illness, injury, theft, and cancellations. It’s comprehensive protection in case anything goes wrong. I never go on a trip without it, as I’ve had to use it many times in the past. I’ve been using World Nomads for ten years. My favorite companies that offer the best service and value are: World Nomads (for everyone below 70) Insure My Trip (for those 70 and up) Looking for the best companies to save money with? Check out my resource page for the best companies to use when you travel! I list all those I use to save money — and I think they will help you too! Looking for more travel tips for South Africa? Check out my in-depth South Africa travel guide for more ways to save money, tips on what to see and do, suggested itineraries, informational reading, packing lists, and much, much more!
