Every Zelda game, ranked
Image without a caption
(The Washington Post illustration; Nintendo)

By 
Gene Park
Reporter
September 20, 2019 at 2:14 p.m. GMT+3
No other video-game series is as entrenched in gaming culture as “The Legend of Zelda.”

Several of these games are core to the debate of the greatest game of all time. Across 17 stories, not including dozens of spinoffs, Link’s adventures are often milestones for the industry as they’re often test beds for new concepts. Ranking them can go many ways, but here’s the very loose criteria we used:

How has the game aged?: Great games, like “Tetris," stand the test of time despite technological advances. Considering how well some of the older titles still hold up, I’d say this is a fair question.
What was the game’s impact?: Influence holds weight too. Sometimes innovation is that game’s legacy. Even if those innovations are outdated, Zelda DNA lives on throughout the industry.
Overall design and structure: Pacing, map design and Link’s tools are the meat of each game. These are ancillary aspects that all support the three pillars of puzzles, exploration and combat. How well are the tools used in the maps and dungeons? Is the world fun to explore? Are there roadblocks to enjoyment or progress?
Many fans will probably disagree with this list, or the reasoning, and that’s okay. At the very baseline, all these games are at least very good. Let us know in the comments below what you think, and let’s chat about the merits of each title. I’ll be reading every comment and discussing with the rest of you.

‘The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening’: A first-class makeover for a classic game

17. Tri Force Heroes (2015)
Zelda games by their nature are solitary adventures. “Tri Force Heroes” was a game that catered to the niche market of people who have two friends that were down to play Zelda and owned a Nintendo 3DS. If you only had one other such friend, you’re out of luck. It was good for a laugh, but besides the branding, it’s barely considered a Zelda game if not for Nintendo’s insistence that it remains in the canon. One redeeming factor: Link’s new costumes were great.

"Skyward Sword" is the worst of the main "Zelda" stories. 
"Skyward Sword" is the worst of the main "Zelda" stories. (Nintendo)
16. Skyward Sword (2011)
This is the only Zelda game I never finished. It’s not because I wasn’t good enough. In fact, I made it all the way to the final phase of the last enemy.

AD

No, it wasn’t the motion controls, which worked fine at the time. But the game’s legacy is soiled by the fact it’s impossible to play without a Wii remote, a method of play as outdated as watching “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest” on your iPod. To release the game again today is to remake it entirely from the ground up.

What was the breaking point? There were several:

There were the constant gameplay interruptions from companion Fi (a comprehensive fan audit states the player is interrupted by hand-holding 162 times throughout the game, vs. only 87 in “Ocarina of Time”). Then there was the constant reusing of the same areas. There was the imprecise “dousing” mechanic ... the repeated collecting of “tears” in a ghost realm that made me feel like I was playing Depressed Pac-Man ... or maybe it was the enemy design, which relied on trial and error trickery rather than actual mastery of the motion controls.

AD

The risks of “Skyward” were admirable, but didn’t pay off, and ended in the worst Zelda console game ever made — a narrow distinction that keeps it out of the 17 spot.

Just before defeating the final enemy, I turned off my Wii and immediately went to YouTube to watch the ending. For me, the Link of “Skyward Sword” met his demise, and never won.

15. Four Swords Adventures (2005)
It’s another multiplayer spinoff that’s counted as a main game. This time, though, there’s a story that’s actually relevant to the series lore (if you’re into that sort of thing), and the extra hardware isn’t necessary. You can play this by yourself, and with any number of friends up to four players. If you caught this during the GameCube heyday, it’s likely a jolly good memory.

14. The Adventure of Link (1988)
Ambitious and messy, the only numbered Zelda sequel was our first clue Nintendo had no fear deviating from past success. It changed perspectives, it changed the core gameplay and of all the games on this list, it’s probably the closest the series ever became to becoming a traditional “role-playing game” with experience points to boost Link’s powers. Those things were implemented fairly well into the character, but let’s face it, those levels and enemies relied on cheap hits, and were poorly designed. Miyamoto himself said it’s probably the closest thing he’s ever made to a “bad” game.

13. Phantom Hourglass (2007)
You’re going to see a lot of the handheld games near the bottom of the list, mostly because they were eventually relegated to the same “wild experiments” philosophy “The Adventure of Link” had. They were cheaper, lower risk, but they could play with formula. “Phantom Hourglass” was a direct “Wind Waker” sequel, and retains much of its charm. But you play the game via the Nintendo DS stylus. As we learned with “Skyward Sword,” if there’s a new way to control Link, hundreds of overbearing tutorials aren’t far behind. And as a result, the dungeons were elementary at best, and some of the worst in the series.

12. Spirit Tracks (2009)
The handheld sequel to “Phantom,” this brought back challenging and complex dungeons, while retaining the “Wind Waker” aesthetic and lore. Too many roadblocks and too much side-quest friction between dungeons keep this from being truly great, but it was a better second effort for the Nintendo DS.

The best and worst things about "Twilight Princess" in one photo.
The best and worst things about "Twilight Princess" in one photo. (Nintendo)
11. Twilight Princess (2006)
Reviewing this game was my first instance where I felt the heat of an “online mob." I gave “Twilight Princess” the lowest score on Metacritic, underneath a tower of perfect scores (one site later gave it a lower score, and the game is still the third-most-acclaimed game on the Wii). I gave the game an 8 out of 10, so of course I was met with racist, anti-Semitic (I’m Korean) vitriol. Read it here, as I still stand by much of what I said. It falls shy of greatness because it’s the only Zelda with no new ideas for the series.

And yet, when I revisited the game in its HD remaster on the Wii U, I liked it better. I would still give it an 8 out of 10, and all my criticisms about the shallow wolf mechanic and routine dungeon formula still hold. But as rote as the dungeons are, they’re some of the most creative the series ever made (the unforgettable yeti love story of Snowpeak Mansion is the standout). Midna is also arguably the best written and most entertaining of Link’s sidekicks. Of all the 3-D Zelda games, “Twilight” is the tightest. Yes it feels old, but all the pieces still fit and work like they should.

The Legend of Zelda on NES
The Legend of Zelda on NES (Nintendo)
10. The Legend of Zelda (1986)
Many other games, let alone this series, wouldn’t exist without the first “Zelda," released in 1986. Zelda was the first game to be so epic, they invented battery saving for it. It is the nucleus of all modern role-playing games, as well as several other games including the “Grand Theft Auto” series. Its go-anywhere, do-anything design principles still hold strong to this day (as we’ll see later in this list), but it generally isn’t an essential play. This game belongs in the Smithsonian, but not atop any Zelda rankings.

9. The Minish Cap (2004)
Often ignored in “best of” discussions, “Minish” was the last of the Capcom Zelda tryouts. Rather than try to emulate the “Toon Link” style the later DS titles utilized, “Minish” went for one that adapted the pixel art of the classic games, and it was better for it. Beyond that, the game had some of the series’ best items, most notably a gliding cape. Link can also shrink. Capcom understood one fact about life: the smaller you are, the bigger the world seems.

8. Oracle of Ages/Oracle of Seasons (2000)
These two games are essentially one. You can’t complete one story without the other. And although Capcom created this game during the height of the Pokémon trend of releasing two different versions of the same game, they went above and beyond by creating separate stories and worlds. A decision in one game would affect the other. And the games were allowed to focus on one of the two pillars of Zelda: Seasons focused on combat with interesting enemy designs and some of the most memorable boss encounters in the series, while Ages gave us some of the most compelling puzzle dungeons in the 2D format.

"Ocarina of Time" forever changed the way players navigate three-dimensional space in video games.
"Ocarina of Time" forever changed the way players navigate three-dimensional space in video games. (Nintendo)
7. Ocarina of Time (1998)
When released, “Ocarina” was heralded as the “Citizen Kane” of gaming. This wasn’t hyperbole from a fledgling industry who longed for artistic affirmation, it was immediate acknowledgment of the game’s many innovations. To this day, any game that allows movement in a 3-D space owes a debt to the Nintendo 64′s greatest games (alongside “Super Mario 64”).

AD

Age has obscured even the most famous innovations, masking their genius from later generations. Combat is mostly just a waiting game (as infamously explained in YouTuber Arin Hanson’s takedown). And time (and games like “Twilight Princess”) exposed some creakiness in the game’s insistence to funnel you through the experience, rather than enhancing the “exploration” pillar of Zelda adventures. Just as “Citizen Kane” now looks antiquated alongside modern films, so does this game. But time has proved to be no master to either’s enduring legacies.

6. A Link Between Worlds (2013)
It could’ve been the perfect Zelda overhead adventure, if not for Nintendo’s brash courage: It retooled the winning formula of a large chunk of the series to let the player become as capable as they wanted right at the beginning of the game. Every item, every power could be available from the start. You could tackle any dungeon, which blew the doors wide open for exploration and player experimentation.

The only problem? Every dungeon is equal in difficulty, a necessary design choice given how the players can explore the entire world at their own pace. The game is better for it. A rewarding sense of progress is somewhat diminished, but only when compared to the rest of the games on this list.

The cel-shaded cartoon aesthetic of "Wind Waker" drew one of the first online outrage controversies of the millennium.
The cel-shaded cartoon aesthetic of "Wind Waker" drew one of the first online outrage controversies of the millennium. (Nintendo)
5. Wind Waker (2003)
This was a new commitment to re-examine why the first Zelda is so beloved and influential. Islands loom in the distance, all invitations for adventure and treasure. It was a new 3-D world to explore, and at the time, sailing in video games was a rarity. Yet, here was Nintendo making it as simple as it was exciting. The story is a series best, casting the villainous Ganondorf as a tragic victim of circumstance.

The game is held back by faults Nintendo has openly acknowledged: dungeons at the end that feel unfinished, and an exhausting, ill-advised fetch quest that was included to pad the game out. The latter was the greater sin, and it was wisely scaled back for the Wii U remaster. That’s about an hour or two of grief at the tail end of an entirely joyful experience that’s easy to revisit today.

The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past (Nintendo)
4. A Link to the Past (1992)
Just about every Zelda game stands in this game’s shadow, even the two before it. As a 10-year-old boy, when I saw the rain and thunder claps backed by music filled with timpani drums and MIDI violins, it was how I imagine what boomers felt when they first heard “Pet Sounds." I didn’t know this could be done in games. They could dare to be this beautiful?

Beyond sight and sound, “Link to the Past” established the most tried-and-true of Zelda formulas: Two or more connected worlds, with at least eight dungeons, each holding a special tool to use, all accessed by a big key. “Ocarina of Time” is basically this game in 3-D. And even if this formula would eventually constrain the creativity of the series, it only speaks to the timelessness of the structure. This isn’t just a single title in an influential series. It’s a textbook template for other games to build upon. And as we’ll see in the next entry, even Nintendo saw opportunity in their own work.

"Link's Awakening" was a trippy mix of Nintendo tropes.
"Link's Awakening" was a trippy mix of Nintendo tropes. (Nintendo)
3. Link’s Awakening (1993)
This was always going to be third on the list, regardless of the Nintendo Switch release this week. Inspired by “Twin Peaks,” it was also the first game to divert from the “save Princess Zelda” formula to offer a trippy patchwork of Nintendo tropes like side-scrolling levels with Mario’s Piranha Plants and a lonely SimCity mayor getting catfished by a goat.

Items like the feather that made Link jump could be used in the “overworld” map, not just the dungeons in which they were found. The overworld didn’t just exist to connect the eight dungeons, it was its own massive world to explore, with its own strange puzzle rooms and keys. The original Game Boy release was hampered only by its two-button limits. Switching out Link’s many items became a chore. With the Switch release, the only big flaw of “Link’s Awakening” is gone, and now it’s more beautiful than ever. Even though “Link to the Past” built the template, “Link’s Awakening” filled it with its own unforgettable identity. It is the perfect 2D Zelda game.

The Skull Kid wearing Majora's mask is the most tragic of Link's villains.
The Skull Kid wearing Majora's mask is the most tragic of Link's villains. (Nintendo)
2. Majora’s Mask (2000)
Existential and tragic. “Majora’s Mask” is the boldest game on this list. It’s entire story hinges on a doomsday clock of 72 hours until the moon destroys the world. It’s thanks to the Skull Kid, a lonely boy who was lost in the woods for too long and happened upon a cursed mask that fed on his loneliness.

AD

Beyond the story, the game takes the groundhog day concept and turns it into a puzzle to be solved over and over again. The game only has four dungeons, but each need several leaps back and forth within those three days to solve. Each of the puzzles reset every time you start the time loop over, which means more pressure than Link’s ever seen in his adventures. Space and time crash into each other in the final Stone Tower dungeon, which must be beaten normally and then upside down.

By wearing masks that let him swim through water like a missile or become a literal god, Link is more capable and powerful than he’s ever been. And Clock Town feels more alive than most cities in games today. Every denizen has a daily routine they follow. They rise, go to work and see secret lovers.

The game is heavy on story, but leaves so much to the player’s interpretation of it. And there’s its tragic final note when the credits roll, showing the one character Link couldn’t save. Even when Link has all the time in the world, it’s never enough.

The "Breath of the Wild" opening sequence still captivates three years later.
The "Breath of the Wild" opening sequence still captivates three years later. (Nintendo)
1. Breath of the Wild (2017)
If “Link to the Past” set the blueprint for a huge chunk of the series, this is the only game to sidestep it completely. It draws inspiration from another: the original game. Like in the original, Link is given only a few moments to gather himself before he’s able to travel in any direction the player pleases, even toward the dark castle and the game’s final battle.

AD

The game was created with a singular vision: To recapture Miyamoto’s original intent of exploration purely led by the player’s own curiosity and imagination. Every aspect in this game’s design is in service of player freedom. It’s rare to see any pop culture franchise be so committed to rediscovering itself that it’s willing to upend every single aspect of its winning formula, but Nintendo did that here to wild success.

The trust it puts in the player’s imagination has helped players form their own special relationship to it. The game’s physics engine is so unpredictable that to this day the “Breath” community continues to find new tricks to navigate Nintendo’s biggest game ever. Many fans report that it has helped them deal with depression and anxiety. Other game developers are currently studying it to figure out how exactly Nintendo created a “killer app” so compelling that for many, it became the sole reason for customers to invest in the new hardware.

It’s the game that further cemented Nintendo’s legacy as the best creators of the craft, and the series as an industry flagship.

Spider-Man: Miles Morales is a must-play video game: review
By EBENEZER SAMUEL
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS |
NOV 23, 2020 AT 2:17 PM


Miles Morales is not Peter Parker. Yes, like Peter, he can do the things that a spider can, and he dons a badass costume to swing his way around Manhattan when he’s not balancing schoolwork and hanging with friends.

But from his “venom” abilities to his costume, Miles Morales is very much his own character. And the magic of Spider-Man: Miles Morales, arguably the most ballyhooed release title of the new console generation, is that the game captures all these differences and lets Morales be that independent character.

Morales stars in one of the most hyped video games of the year, and the game that helps set the tone for the new PlayStation 5 (and perhaps this entire new console generation). This is a visual feast of an adventure, and a mini-tech demo for the just-released PS5 all rolled into one.

This new console generation is about wildly immersive visuals, reflections and lighting effects, and it’s about faster load times that keep you in the moment in the game that much more effectively. Miles Morales showcases all those things in stunning 4K/HDR, pushing you from cutscene ton in-game action to cutscene and back with no interruption. During one early brawl with Rhino, the action shifts so quickly (and yet fluidly) that you’ll still be pressing buttons once the battle’s been one.


It’s a triumph of tech that’s a visual marvel from start to finish. Like many games you’re going to see in the early PlayStation 5 era, you’re given a choice between performance visuals (a higher frame rate but slightly fewer lighting effects and no ray tracing) or more effects. Choose the effects, because your PS5 can handle this, and the visuals are spectacular. There’s nothing quite like sticking to the outside of a Manhattan high-rise and seeing Miles’ complete reflection in the window.

[More Entertainment] Faizon Love accuses Universal Studios of ‘blatant racism’ in lawsuit over ‘Couples Retreat’ movie poster »
The game also manages to showcase the new DualSense controller in all its glory. Haptic ticks spit from the controller whenever you swing your web, and the controller speaker delivers standout sounds that continue to immerse you in the action. It all has you playing and never ever putting the controller down; it’s easy to get lost in Miles Morales’ adventure.

That’s for two reasons. First off, Manhattan has never looked this good. Developer Insomniac Games overloads you with extra details that make the city come to life, delivering a Christmas narrative complete with falling snow, and a more vibrant city than the original Marvel’s Spider-Man, a spectacular game in its own right, once had. It’s a beautiful, well-lit city with plenty to do, from new side quests to an exciting and fun new enemy that you’re not expecting.

Gameplay meanwhile, manages to feel distinct. At its core, yes, this is the same Spider-man control scheme as it was in the first game, but Miles has his own feel, swinging about to a hip-hop-thump soundtrack, and getting bonus points for doing tricks as he free falls toward the ground when swinging. It’s the little things that transform Miles into his own character, and by the end, he certainly feels like a different Spidey. It helps that Peter Parker sets the tone early, giving Miles plenty of reason to be his own man.

[More Entertainment] Mads Mikkelsen to replace Johnny Depp in new ‘Fantastic Beasts’ movie »
The ending adventure is as strong as one of Spidey’s near-indestructible webs, and one of the first must-plays of the new console generation.

‘Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales’ Review: Greater Expectations, Not Enough Time
TRAVIS HYMASNOVEMBER 23, 2020
miles-morales-spider-verse-suitSony / Insomniac / Marvel
0
SHARES
0
0
0
0
This game isn’t Into the Spider-Verse, but, man does it really wants to be. 

Just a little over a couple of years ago, Marvel’s Spider-Man arrived on the PS4 and blew us away, especially us long time webhead fans. With that game being a near-perfect version of itself, I ended my review of that game excited for what an inevitable follow up would bring. That said, I didn’t expect the follow up to get into our hands so quickly.

Much like its titular character, Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales knows the expectations upon it: both as a follow up to one of the PS4’s best games and a flagship launch title for the new PlayStation 5, and yet it has a harder time meeting those expectations – chiefly due to a truncated story and overall runtime. 

That isn’t to say Miles Morales is a letdown. This is still a game built on the high-quality work Insomniac Games did on the first Spider-Man and that isn’t anything to complain about. The often joked about “feels like Spider-Man” energy is alive and well here, with even more flourish. Miles is more animated and lively as you explore the city, styling off of rooftops and pulling tricks while web-swinging thanks to a dedicated trick button added to change up the experience of playing as him versus Peter. These changes work, even as you’re effectively jumping back on the bike, the bike has new bells and whistles to keep you engaged. 

These changes extend into other aspects of the gameplay – fans will know Miles has abilities different from other Spider-Folks, and his game makes fantastic use of them. The bioelectric “Venom” attacks Miles has access to help bridge the gaps in his skills and strength versus enemies and can leave effects that deal out more damage. This particular skill is also leveraged to handle the minions of the game’s antagonist, The Tinkerer, who can change weapons on the fly, most likely handled with the intent to show off the particle effects that the PS5 can handle. When not shocking people, Miles Morales directs users to more stealth focused gameplay, buoyed by Miles’ camouflage ability – which itself helps a more seamless transition of the gameplay into actual stealth missions, something that felt like more of a chore in the first game. 


Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales | Sony, Insomniac
The game world looks even better than it did two years ago, no doubt thanks to the power afforded by the PS5 hardware. Conversely, experiencing the PS4 version like I did means you’re getting a pretty powerful looking game that might also be too powerful. I experienced several full-on crashes while playing on an original model PS4, which was able to handle Spider-Man 2018 just fine. Usually, these crashes occurred during encounters with Tinkerer’s “Underground.” For the PlayStation 5, it’s impressive that the game can load so many enemies and produce such impressive particle effects, but it’s clear when put under load that this title was not much-considered for running on a machine designed before 2013. I don’t want to count that against Miles Morales, but it’s important to be aware of if you’re putting off the hardware upgrade.

What I will count against Miles Morales is that for all the showing off this game had to do, there’s not nearly as much of it as you’d hope. Insomniac wisely gets Peter Parker out of the picture in a way that guarantees this is Miles’ story. That story makes up two major plot threads – the first is Miles’ conflict with the Tinkerer and the shadowy work by yet another corporation in the game universe’s New York, and the second is Miles getting settled in his new neighborhood in Harlem while taking on his day to day responsibilities as Spider-Man. Both the A and B stories are much shorter and straightforward than what you’d expect from any open-world game, much less as a follow up to Spider-Man. The story beats are simple enough that a player paying attention can quickly to piece together exactly what The Tinkerer’s plan is and how every element of that story is going to play out nearly to a T, and all you’ll need to have seen is Into the Spider-Verse to be able to do so. The first game was like that too, but that game leveraged the familiarity of these characters in pop culture to both deliver unique takes on them and letting the story play out in something like a Greek tragedy. Miles’ story is nearly the same structurally, except all the edges have been sanded off. 

The second plot, centering around Miles’ more broad responsibilities as Spider-Man, fairs better in this regard. Miles leverages a mobile app to help manage these missions and events, with NPCs in-game making reports of situations that require Spider-Man’s intervention. The Harlem based requests are particularly fun – they take the form of multi-part events that endure the residents involved to Miles, and his Spider-Man to them respectively. The downside is, again, they’re all over far too quickly and the game doesn’t even space them out in a way that indicates any time has passed. Even so, these locals and small business owners are New Yorkers to a fault, and they lend a lot of credibility to the world-building around Miles specifically. It becomes irresistible to accept missions when their requests appear on the “Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man” app. 

Advertisement


Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales | Sony, Insomniac
Which brings us to the elephant in the room – the cops. When the first Spider-Man was released in 2018, there were criticisms abound regarding Peter’s positive relationship with the NYPD. In my review of that game, I avoided discussing this criticism, partially because the conversation was being had by people from backgrounds very different than mine, ones that had way more pertinent things to say about the nature of policing in America and how off-putting it was to see them as allies to a hero like Spider-Man. In retrospect, this was foolish of me to do and was an action taken out of privilege. For this, I apologize to any of our Black and POC readers who may have read that review. To ignore the presence of the police in any game, especially in the wake of huge societal pushes to reevaluate how policing is done in 2020, would be dishonest at the very least. So let’s talk about the cops in Miles Morales. 

The next section of this review contains minor spoilers.

To Insomniac’s credit, the criticism from the first game seems to be reaching their ears. Both Spider-Men do not have core interactions with the police, and when Miles does refer to them or interact with them, the relationship is shown to be far from friendly. This is a step in the right direction, at the very least avoiding the idea of “copaganda.” That said, it’s only a step, and beyond that, it would seem the current decision on what to do about the cops is to avoid the conversation. The NYPD has been replaced with the PDNY, which means nothing save for the fact that these aren’t the “real” cops, though the name change brings nothing else resembling a change to the way policing is done. Miles will still be caught up in the police’s car chases, and every person he leaves webbed up is still going to be left in their hands at the end of the day. 

The disappointing nature of this is most evident in how the game treats Miles’ relationship with the police. In Miles Morales, this game has a perfect opportunity to at least have some sort of conversation on policing, even if it didn’t want to come to a solution about the situation. When Miles’ estranged uncle inevitably joins the story, complete with his Prowler persona in tow. I hoped that this was Insomniac laying the groundwork for having this conversation. Instead, what we got was a story about how Aaron Davis just couldn’t stop doing those gosh darn crimes he was doing and it drove a wedge between him and his justice-loving brother. Miles’ dad, Jefferson, retains something of a saint-like status throughout the game, and it’s implied over and over again that Miles has inherited his father’s sense of justice. However, this sense of justice, in particular, is one that is fundamentally at odds with his identity as Spider-Man, because as we’re all well aware now, it is not true to the reality of how justice is enforced in this country. In 2020, a Spider-Man motivated by a police officer’s example is one that feels, intentionally or not, fundamentally compromised – and it’s even lampshaded by the game itself in the form of a Black Lives Matter mural found in-game.

Advertisement

Now, I don’t have a good solution to this, and I honestly shouldn’t be the final word you read on this situation. I highly recommend reading Gita Jackson’s review of Miles Morales and Charles Pulliam-Moore’s deep dive on the topic. I found these invaluable pieces in parsing my feelings about the game and these depictions and frankly they’re better writers than I am. 


Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales | Sony, Insomniac
Spoilers end here. 

This review sounds way more negative than intended, which feels a bit unfair. Even with these flaws, Miles Morales is quintessential Spider-Man. Playing as Miles feels even more varied and fun than playing as Peter. I’d even go so far as to say that Miles is better suited for the video game medium. Miles’ voice actor, Nadji Jeter, is doing a lot of heavy lifting in an excellent cast and he nails every line, filling Miles’ voice with both heroic drive and youthful uncertainty. The story might lack some density, but the moments it does have are excellent, tied together by some great gameplay and an intimate cast. This is still the story of someone trying to live up to their responsibility and do the right thing, like all great Spider-Man stories, but one truly unique to this Spider-Man. All of this is held up by one of the all-time great gaming experiences of this last generation, and getting caught up in the web-swinging protection of New York is still a high few AAA games can deliver. At its core, this is still a follow-up to one of my favorite games ever.

However, it’s not a sequel, as Sony and Insomniac have gone out of their way to stress from the moment Miles Morales was revealed, and I think that fact sums up everything that makes this game feel weaker. Spider-Man: Miles Morales is a pretty quick turn around showcase title for the PS5 first, and a continuation of the series second, which I feel robbed Insomniac of the ability to give this title the density the first one had. All the right pieces are here: the aesthetic, the characters, the understanding of who they are, and the gameplay. None of them are given the breathing room they need. I wish they were. 

Advertisement

Thankfully, this isn’t the end of the road for Miles or this take on the Spider-Man universe, and if the team at Insomniac is willing to give him the starring role again, I still believe they can do something just as special as the first game in this series, if not better. This is a quality pitstop in the meantime, and it wouldn’t be a Spider-Man experience without a little bit of falling and getting back up. 