The Young Folks Best Video Games of 2017
EVAN GRIFFINDECEMBER 26, 2017

0
SHARES
0
0
0
0
 

 

Oh, man. What an effort it was to get this list together. This year, we accumulated our writer’s favorite games and discussed, as democratically as possible, exactly what belongs in a top 10 video games of 2017 list. After an evening that can only be described as a disorganized dumpster fire hell-scape, the end result is a mostly great compilation. Witness and subject your ears to this debate of the year on our final What the D-Pad gaming podcast for 2017 on Twitch, YouTube, iTunes and Soundcloud, followed by our staff’s favorite games and honorable mentions in this list here.


 

Honorable Mentions:

Doki Doki Literature Club: DDLC works not just as game that breaks the fourth wall, it also is a testament to the power of a fan base, and reliable word of mouth. While you’ve likely heard by now that the club isn’t all it appears, how that manifests and how far down the rabbit hole it goes is well worth discovering exactly what your friends are talking about. – Travis

Hollow Knight 

Yakuza 0 

Advertisement

Divinity Original Sin 2 

Injustice 2: A perfect example of a developer beating all the odds set against it; including by its own publisher. Between microtransactions, a too-early announcement of a season pass, and another dark take on the DC Universe, Injustice 2 didn’t stand a chance right up until it delivered in every way a fighting game should – even overcoming the poison of loot boxes. – Travis

Ghost Recon Wildlands 

Pokemon Ultra Sun/Moon 

Advertisement

Middle Earth Shadow of War 

Uncharted the Lost Legacy 

Nioh:  Some may have seen Nioh as just a reskinned Dark Souls clone, but I for one am ecstatic that such an exciting formula for games has resonated so much that other studios are adopting it, and then adding to it to projects in new and interesting ways. The Souls-level challenging enemies and level design are here, but so is an exciting and fluid combat system, where every weapon has three stances for varied usage, and timing ‘ki’ pulses to restore endurance and continue your onslaught becomes so second nature, you begin to really feel like a well-trained samurai. And if that weren’t enough, the beautiful and dark imagining of feudal Japan and Japanese folklore are worth the ticket of entry alone. – Alex

Niddhog II 
Prey 
Pit People 
Metroid Samus Returns 
Friday the 13th The Game 

Advertisement



(*Sigh*) #10 Animal Crossing Pocket Camp – iOS, Android

I had to endlessly berate the other editors and TYF staff to get this on the list. That’s because it may feel like a joke entry, but I’m being dead serious here: no other game in 2017 has brought me more consistent joy than Animal Crossing Pocket Camp.

It’s not a flashy game – indeed it’s very simple. You own a campsite, there are tons of friendly animals out there, and you want to build up the former, and befriend the latter. But I’ll be damned if it doesn’t put a smile on my face every time I pick it up. The distinctive cutesy Animal Crossing aesthetic is suited perfectly to a mobile game, allowing you to pull out your phone and escape to another more adorable world during those brief periods of time when the dreary mundanity of life seeps in. Waiting at the doctor’s office, doing the laundry, trying to unwind before bed – all of these moments are now enriched by the fun fluff of catching butterflies, talking to a Texan penguin, and building a rock stage for a bunch of dogs.

More than that, it echoes the real-world communal bonding I haven’t experienced since the height of Pokemon Go. Everyone with a phone can get in on it for free, and everyone who has it can laugh over the stuff they’ve built or which animal is their favorite. There’s no toxic fanbase; there’s only people having a good time together.

I think too often when we consider which games should be considered “the best” we focus too much on serious debates of artistic merit and complexity of mechanics that we lose sight of what games really are: ways to pass the time and bond with other people. Animal Crossing Pocket Camp does both in a pure and wholesome way, and in a year as stressful and tense as 2017, I am incredibly thankful for that.  

– Alex Suffolk



#9 Resident Evil VII: Biohazard – Capcom – PS4, PSVR, PC

“The Dulvey Haunted House is decrepit, dirty, and dark. For those who played the original Resident Evil and explored the Spencer Mansion, you could appreciate the vast difference. Whereas the Spencer Mansion was elegant and pristine, this house was in shambles and falling into disarray. It’s almost as if we experienced the aftermath of what this outbreak inflicted on this property. While smaller in comparison to the Spencer Mansion, this house still held many hidden rooms, puzzles and extensions to neighboring guest houses and buildings. The location felt lived-in and utilized the effects of light/darkness – when the power went out, the scariness was heightened during gameplay…  

It’s an atmospheric thriller meant to push you further into the evil when all you want to do is hide. Capcom took the series back to the drawing board and brought back what made the original games so great. In essence, it’s fear and horror. The spooky locations, first-person perspective and terrifying environment makes this a scary adventure.” – See more from our review by Justin Carreiro

 



#8 Sonic Mania – SEGA, PagodaWest, Christian Whitehead, Headcannon – PS4, XOne, PC, Switch

Sonic has most definitely been in a rough spot for the last decade, and that’s an understatement. 3D Sonic games are very rarely received well by the community and critics, and after the god-awful travesty that was Sonic Boom, many were doubtful that the franchise could ever come back. Sonic Mania has done just that, however, and by revitalizing Sonic by bringing him back to his roots the result is a game filled with classic, high-octane blasts through bright, crazy levels. Coming in #8, this game earns its slot by bringing us back to the days of hedgehog glory, and reminds us of the games that made him the fastest thing alive, while still standing as its own independent game. Due to mixed reviews for Sonic Forces, Mania hasn’t entirely revitalized the franchise, but it’s definitely a great big step in the right direction.

-Sam Carpenter

See Travis’ review here



#7 Night in the Woods – Alec Holowka, Infinite Fall – PC, Mac, PS4

Many games are fun, and due to the nature of immersion, there are some games manage to stick with us for a long time, longer than even the most emotional of filmmaking. Very few games feel nearly as resonant as Night in the Woods. The trick is that what will resonate with you may be different from what I ultimately pulled from the game; because NITW isn’t trying to make a bold statement or thesis. It is very much a game about a cast of characters, and who they are, and the core cast just so happens to be a bunch of millennials. As Mae continues to acclimate to the podunk small town she thought she had left behind, it’s pretty much impossible to not feel a sense of familiarity; especially if you happen to be the age group of many of us writers on The Young Folks (since, y’know…). This hell year that was 2017 often felt particularly like an assault on our age group, and Night in the Woods ends up being a hand reached out in support. A bit melancholy, a bit hopeful, and whether on purpose or not, carries the message of “We see you, you’re here. As long as you’re here, it can be better.”

– Travis Hymas

See his review here.



#6 NieR: Automata – Platinum Games – PS4, PC

Or

Yoko Taro: international man of mystery!

    I love NieR: Automata. Even after one of gaming’s best years since 2004, with hit after hit and the beckoning of Nintendo’s second golden age, I find my mind wandering back to a wonderfully janky character action game from early in the year. NieR Automata is my pick for the “Little game that could” award for 2017, a glorious gem of a game that (even though the PC port is unpatched damn near 10 months later) holds up to everything that’s come since. Automata is jam packed with everything you could hope from a Platinum Studios X Yoko Taro collab: fantastic, stylish action, a deep and messed up story, and honest to god 26 endings. The breakneck pace in which the game throws curve balls at you is relentless, with the first major twist coming just after the tutorial, and the game switching genres on the fly. One minute, Automata is a third person action game, next it’s a bullet hell shooter, then again it’s a platforming racing game and even sometimes its a fishing game. Throw in a DLC in which you fight a tag team of Platinum and Square Enix’s CEO’s (That’s real, look it up) and NieR Automata has a little bit of something for everyone.

TL;DR: PLAY NIER AUTOMATA. BECOME AS GODS.

(P.S. Square, for fucks sake, patch the PC version already.)

-Miles Stanton



#5 Wolfenstein II The New Colossus – Bethesda Softworks – PS4, PC, Xbox One

When it comes to FPS games, I’m not that difficult to please. As long as the guns are destructive and fun, and I feel accomplished after each mission, I consider it to be As Advertised. However, whenever I pick up a Wolfenstein game, I know that I’m going to be blown out of my seat and addicted to it from the opening credits to the very last second. In the newest addition to the long running series, Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus, everyone’s favorite American badass BJ Blazkowicz is back to continue his rebellion against the Nazi regime following the events of The New Order. This time he has help in the form of some of the strangest and best characters I’ve ever seen in an FPS game. Where this game thrives is its perfect mix of fast-paced violent action and movie-like cut scenes that are as much fun to watch as the game is to play. The story can be completely unrealistic and silly at some points, it does take place in a world where the Nazis won WWII, but the way the game treats these silly and shocking moments is what makes it such an enjoyable experience. I couldn’t recommend this game more if I tried. If you’ve ever wanted to experience a quirky, pulpy, cult action movie like it’s a video game, that’s exactly what you’ll get to do with Wolfenstein.

– Tyler Carlsen

See his review here.



#4 Horizon Zero Dawn – Guerrilla Games – PlayStation 4

Guerrilla Games developed the most technically tight and polished game of 2017. Period. Take any screenshot of gameplay in the vast open world of the future and you will witness one of the most lifelike pictures digitally created in a video game platform. Luckily, Guerrilla pairs their quality workmanship with one of the most fascinating post-apocalyptic stories I’ve experienced in my lifetime. Aloy guides the way with her confidence and no-bullshit attitude that makes her a true 21st century heroin. Her journey is filled with true emotions; heartbreak, sadness, loss, but also joy and wonder at the surprising revelations exposed along the way. There are no easy answers in the story and not all of them are satisfying, but nor are they trying to be. Guerrilla has crafted a narrative that is meant to frustrate and astound us at the same time. That may seem like a contradiction, but the experience still feels right. This is a development team that pinned their vision on a white board and executed it on every level and I applaud them at every turn. Archery combat is made authentic for the first time. Enemies are balanced and incrementally challenging. Horizon: Zero Dawn is a worthy challenger to Uncharted 4 as the single best Playstation 4 exclusive game on the market today, it’s a must-play, trust me.

– Grant Johnson

See Travis’ full review of Horizon here.



#3 Persona 5 – Atlus – PlayStation 4

Persona 5  is a youthful power fantasy that couldn’t have come at a more relevant time; with egotistical narcissists and sexual predators in positions of power across the world, I’m sure some of us wouldn’t mind changing some corrupted hearts (and I know of someone whose palace is definitely a golf course). Persona 5 gives players the power to take out their rage on the corrupted adults that run our society.

In Persona 5, you are a high school student who is thrown into a new school and also happens to develops powers to battle evil forces. Along the way, you gain friends and allies to help fight the warped desires of influential adults.

Persona 5 redefines the Japanese RPG genre. Every aspect of the world feels inhabited and incredibly detailed. Instead of having to trudge through similar dungeons, each level has its own identity to complement its villain’s personality. You dive into the minds of narcissists, gangsters, and emotionally vulnerable characters to fight grotesque monsters and solve unique puzzles.

But what makes Persona 5 so addicting is the daily life segments. While you may be a Phantom Thief by night, you still have to maintain good grades and a social life. There comes a specific element of strategy when deciding how to spend your limited day.  You can study, go to work, or hang out with your friends. It all depends on you want to level your character. And since it’s highly unlikely that you’ll complete everything on the first run-through, it gives the game a high replayability value.

Even though there is a lack of nuance or a grey area in what constitutes good and evil, Persona 5’s story is still powerful. We have all taken this journey with Joker and his friends. We have been stressed about finals, texted during class, and tried to balance work with a social life. You feel for the main characters and the expectations that are put on them. In 105 hours, I laughed, cried, and rooted for these kids who reminded me of myself. I’ve never felt like that in a game before, and I highly doubt I will anytime soon.

-Yasmin Kleinbart



#2 Super Mario Odyssey – Nintendo – Switch

“Defining Super Mario Odyssey is somewhat of a complicated task. The game is very much a successor to previous large scale 3D Mario titles, particularly the legendary Super Mario 64, as the game’s world is made up of many diverse environments designed to feel even larger than they are. In that particular regard, Odyssey is what 64 feels like in your memories. The better comparison might be the Switch’s other golden child The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild; in so much as both titles are fundamentally about taking the base mechanics of their respective franchises and expanding them to massive proportions. Each then focus on rewarding the player through exploration and experimentation…

This is a Mario game where ambition and talent come together to make a rich and rewarding experience from start to whenever you feel like you’ve explored enough. A wonderful bookend to the Switch’s first year.”

– See more from the review by Travis Hymas



#1 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild – Nintendo – Switch, Wii U

I’ve gotten a lot more critical of this game in the time since I gave it a glowing 9.5 review just after launch. It was a result of those highs feeling still fresh from a massive, sprawling Zelda adventure on a new Nintendo hardware still being fiddled with. It was a breath of fresh air to have that once in 6 years opportunity again, let alone be able to take it with me wherever I wanted. While I have some harsh criticisms of Breath of the Wild’s mechanics in retrospect (and I only make them in hopes that they’ll improve the next Zelda experience) I began to reflect on my first experiences with this game. When you first step into Breath of the Wild there is this aura of mystery and surreal feeling  when you are introduced to this new, desolate Hyrule. The game presents to you a large plateau to explore: to find nooks and crannies, seek out treasures, knock down some goblins, and before you know it, you realize it was simply a tutorial and the scope of the map is far, far greater in scale than you imagined, even with all those trailers and game play evaluations. For the first time since the original Legend of Zelda, the experience was truly your own, and while the narrative took a backseat in this title, the legacy of this new Link, his own narrative, was that oral history of your gameplay, talking to friends, streaming online, however it was you shared your adventurous tales. In the way people once discussed hidden secrets and surprises on the NES version of Hyrule, friends met certain challenges where I did not, but I also happened upon the Lost Woods, and within, the secrets of the Master Sword, before most people I knew realized it was even on the map. It takes a very personal journey into the unknown, and by nature of its design, makes it a social experience to tell grand tales of the monsters you defeated and the weapons you reaped as reward. It’s the first time where a Zelda game has ever felt derivative of game styles other than another Zelda game, but, in true Nintendo fashion, it takes the overdone open world sandbox adventure and optimizes it to near perfection. I can only wish there was more of it…

– Evan Griffin

– See his review here.

Did your favorite games make our list? If not, tell us in the comments, or tell us on Twitter, or ask for an invite to our Discord server to be a part of the TYF Gaming community! We wish you a Happy New Year with many happy returns to your save files this holiday.

Five new Steam games you probably missed (November 23, 2020)
By Shaun Prescott 3 days ago

Sorting through every new game on Steam so you don't have to.

 
 
 
 
 COMMENTS
At Dead of Night
(Image credit: Baggy Cat Ltd.)
On an average day, about a dozen new games are released on Steam. And while we think that's a good thing, it can be understandably hard to keep up with. Potentially exciting gems are sure to be lost in the deluge of new things to play unless you sort through every single game that is released on Steam. So that’s exactly what we’ve done. If nothing catches your fancy this week, we've gathered the best PC games you can play right now and a running list of the 2020 games that are launching this year. 

At Dead of Night

Steam‌ ‌page‌ ‌
Release:‌ ‌November 19 ‌
Developer:‌ Baggy Cat Ltd.
Price:‌ ‌$14.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌£11.39‌ ‌|‌ ‌AU$21.50

Here's a fascinating and extremely morbid horror game that blends first-person exploration with FMV storytelling. It follows the plight of a handful of students staying at the Sea View Hotel, which is operated by a very strange landlord who moonlights as a late night comedy show host. Anyway, when the landlord's ego isn't sufficiently stroked by one of the students he goes mad. As you explore the hotel you'll be finding the ghosts of this landlord's past, while also trying to avoid his wrath. Looks terrifying, sounds terrifying: I hope you're brave.

Slasher's Keep

Steam‌ ‌page‌ ‌
Release:‌ ‌November 20
Developer:‌ ‌Damian Schloter
Price:‌ ‌$13.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌£10.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌AU$19.95

Slasher's Keep is a first-person rogue-lite with a lot of hacking, slashing and looting. It's been in development for a while (Jody wrote about it back in 2017), and it's got everything you'd expect from a game that melds roguelike trappings with dungeon crawling: procedurally generated levels, surprising loot, potentially overpowered item combinations, and of course traps and dangerous enemies. It's all coated in a charming (though also kinda creepy) cell-shaded style. Also, apparently you can use your inventory sack as a weapon, which is cool.

Realpolitiks II

Steam‌ ‌page‌ ‌
Release:‌ ‌November 19
Developer:‌ Jujubee S.A.
Price:‌ ‌$29.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌£22.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌AU$42.95

Launched into Early Access last week, Realpolitiks II is a "real-time grand strategy game" that has you build a nation from rags to imperialist riches. As you'd expect, the scope is huge: in addition to managing the success and happiness of your own nation, you'll need to deal with others, either diplomatically or with your military (or both?). But there's a lot that can happen that is out of your control, such as pandemics and the inscrutable movements of international trade relations, so you'll be busy. The game is in Early Access in order to "expand, improve" and "polish" the experience, and is likely to launch into 1.0 by Q1 2021. 

Bridge Constructor: The Walking Dead

Steam‌ ‌page‌ ‌
Release:‌ ‌November 20
Developer:‌ ‌ClockStone ‌
Price:‌ ‌$9.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌£7.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌AU$14.50

Bridge Constructor is a game about, uh, constructing bridges, but it's a bit more complex than that implies: it's a physics puzzle extravaganza, and it's often as funny as it is taxing. After the success of Bridge Constructor: Portal, this The Walking Dead spin-off marries the usual bridge building theme, but adds zombies and the pressure of protecting survivors (in particular, familiar The Walking Dead characters Daryl, Michonne and Eugene). In addition to creating safe passage for said survivors, you'll also be creating diabolical traps to slay undead.

Dieselpunk Wars

Steam‌ ‌page‌ ‌
Release:‌ ‌November 20 ‌
Developer:‌ Image Power S.A., Roasted Games
Price:‌ ‌$14.99‌ ‌|‌ ‌£11.39‌ ‌|‌ ‌AU$21.50

Joining the likes of Robocraft and Scraps is Dieselpunk Wars, a game about creating vehicles and waging war with them. Drawing from "over 300 unique elements" for building, you'll have the freedom to build whatever elegant or hideous war machine you like, though you'll need to take physics into account. It's all about creativity, but there you'll also get to engage in battle to test the effectiveness of your masterpiece. The game's in Early Access, and boasts a story mode, a sandbox mode and four maps. It's expected to launch into 1.0 within six months.

These games were released between November 16 and 23 2020. Some online stores give us a small cut if you buy something through one of our links. Read our affiliate policy for more info. ‌

The best games like Stardew Valley on PC
By Lauren Morton March 18, 2020

Longing for more games like Stardew Valley? Good news: casual farming sims have taken root on PC.

 
 
 
 
 COMMENTS
My Time At Portia
(Image credit: Pathea Games)
In the time since Stardew Valley was originally released, I have played it into the ground. I've reached year 10 in my first save, pushed myself to complete the community center upgrades in a single year for my second save, and supported Jojamart just to give myself an excuse for a third save. Like many others, I was obsessed with Stardew Valley for bringing the casual farm and life sim genre to PC where I thought it was destined never to take root. 

Over four years later, games blending farming with life and town simulation are flourishing. There's no shortage of games like Stardew Valley on PC now, with even more in development. Some focus more on building relationships and revitalizing a town while others are all about crafting. Whichever end of Stardew Valley you prefer, there's another game like it in our list to keep you playing for just one more in-game day. Now that there are plenty of options to choose from, some are inevitably better and worse than others. We've collected a list of the best Stardew-style games available so you can choose which homestead to put down roots in.

Stardew Valley itself is one of the best laptop games to play on low-spec machines.

Doraemon Story of Seasons

Released: October 10, 2019 | Developer:  Marvelous Inc., Brownies Inc.| Steam

Like Harvest Moon, Story of Seasons had never made its way to PC until it paired with the most unlikely of companions: a young manga protagonist from the '70s. Doraemon Story of Seasons takes the pastoral life adventure into a setting full of distinctly Japanese setting unlike Harvest Moon and most of its derivatives that go for a more "anywhere" rural vibe. This incarnation of Story of Seasons has Noby and his friends doing all the usual rural life activities like planting fields of crops, making friends, cooking, and attending festivals in the town of Natura. Its adorable watercolor visual style is a welcome change from past Story of Seasons games that had retained Harvest Moon's chibi-style 3D aesthetic. 

Plenty of town sim fans will tell you that Story of Seasons is the true inheritor of the Harvest Moon series after the developers best known for the HM series lost the rights to continue using its name and subsequently rebranded. Doraemon Story of Seasons' routinely higher review scores than Light of Hope suggest that the talent has remained, even if the title hasn't.

My Time At Portia

Released: January 23, 2018 | Developer: Pathea Games | Steam 

My Time At Portia is the rare 3D town sim of the bunch that ends up feeling like Stardew Valley by way of The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker. On the little island of Portia, your father leaves you the deed to his old workshop. Instead of just growing crops, you'll be collecting and refining resources from all over the island to fulfill contracts requested by the locals. Its crafting system is heavily nested, with most recipes requiring a suite of special machines to be built and placed in the workshop yard.

Eventually you're able to build garden plots as well, though you won't be running a full-size farm operation like your neighbor Sophie, the actual local farmer. Portia has quite a bit more combat than Stardew, with dungeons to go spelunking through for loot and crafting components. It does have plenty of interaction with all of Portia's residents as well. Over the course of seasons and years you'll make friends with and be able to eventually marry one of your many eligible townsfolk by going on dates and delivering them gifts.

Graveyard Keeper

Released: August 15, 2018 | Developer: Lazy Bear Games | Steam

In Graveyard Keeper you'll be planting corpses instead of crops. Your protagonist has become the new caretaker of the medieval graveyard by way of potential death and amnesia and will need to clean the place up to discover his origins. You'll spend time collecting resources and building new devices for your graveyard to refine materials and exploit the bodies dropped off in your yard. Graveyard Keeper is much more of a grindy crafting simulation than other Stardew-like games, but it shares that "one more day" lure. You'll just be coming back to chop a few more trees and refine more materials rather than harvest your pumpkins. Graceyard Keeper also recently added a new DLC called "Stranger Sins" that lets you build and manage your own tavern in case you needed some extra simulation with your crafting.

Fantasy Farming: Orange Season

Released: Early Access| Developer: Tropical Puppy | Steam, itch.io

Orange Season has been in Early Access for over two years but is already cut from the same cloth as Stardew Valley. You can raise crops and animals on your farm as well as tame wild animals and bring them home to raise. All the other usual suspects are here as well: Changing seasons, tool upgrades, building relationships with townsfolk, and farm customization. There are a few neat little changes to the recipe like being able to have an NPC friend follow you around as a companion.

Orange Season has been in Early Access for plenty long but does seem to be continually in flux, with a big rework to the map occurring at one point in development and improvements to other systems coming frequently as well.

Garden Paws

Released: December 18, 2018 | Developer: Bitten Toast Games| Steam

Garden Paws is the animal version of Stardew Valley where you'll take over your grandparents' farm while running a shop, gardening, and raising animals. For the multiplayer-inclined, you can invite up to three friends to your farm to play with you or, for Twitch streamers, integrate your chat so that viewers can have customers in your store named after them. There are currently 10 little creatures to play as while helping to rebuild the town with new shops that can unlock additional quests and areas to explore. It appears to be a combination of Animal Crossing and Stardew Valley with plenty of farming, building, and crafting.

Slime Rancher

Released: August 1, 2017 | Developer:  Monomi Park| Steam

As is tradition, Slime Rancher begins with the protagonist Beatrix LeBeau being gifted a property to take over. This time, it's a slime ranch lightyears away from planet earth. As a newly indoctrinated slime rancher, Beatrix must build enclosures for her slimes and grow plenty of crops and chickadoos to keep them well-fed. Along the way you'll explore the Far Far Range, upgrade your spacey vacpack tool, and combine your slimes into new varieties. Slime Rancher doesn't have the same focus on relationships with NPCs that other Stardew-type games do, but it has plenty of exploration and customization.

World's Dawn

Released: January 25, 2016 | Developer: Wayward Prophet| Steam

Only a few PC games follow the Harvest Moon formula as closely as Stardew Valley, and most of them are of questionable quality. World’s Dawn is the exception. It is a bit rougher around the edges than Stardew, but all the same charm is there. You can befriend and marry villagers, grow and sell crops, fish, attend festivals, and bring prosperity back to a stagnating village.

World’s Dawn is more about coloring inside the lines than forging your own path. Your farming plots are predetermined and you won’t be constructing additional buildings on your property. That being said, there are plenty of clothing options, home décor, and cooking recipes. Despite the outdated 4:3 aspect ratio and initially confusing menus, World’s Dawn is full of cute characters that make putting up with a few petty complaints more than worth it. If you want to play the same game in a slightly different flavor, this is the best choice.

Verdant Skies

Released: February 12, 2018 | Developer:  Howling Moon Software| Steam

Instead of a small town in the country, Verdant Skies has you become the newest member of a small colony on the planet Viridis Primus. The colony is small to begin with but after helping build more homes you'll be joined by more residents each with their own expertise to help grow the colony and your operation.

As the new space farmer in town, you'll need to turn native space plants into an agricultural operation. You can even catch and tame wild animal species as well. Both can be turned into the strongest and most efficient specimens with Verdant Skies' genetic combiner machine. 

Kynseed

Released: Early Access | Developer:  PixelCount Studios| Steam, GOG

Kynseed leans more heavily into town simulation and exploration than farming. It has a highly detailed and colorful pixel art style that makes it look like the more magical cousin to some other Stardew-type games. Kynseed focuses less on farming in favor of spreading itself evenly across all elements of a town simulation. You can run a shop, go exploring outside town, build relationships with NPCs, and eventually come home to plant crops on your land. Kynseed is the first game by a studio of former Fable developers and comes with the same quirky and eccentric humor of those old adventure RPGs. 

Littlewood

Released: Early Access | Developer: Sean Young| Steam

Littlewood is plenty cute, with the same kind of jaunty music that makes you feel happy while playing Stardew. It has a long list of chores that you'll recognize: farming, mining, bug catching, cooking, crafting, and so on. You've got a a lot more control over the topology of your town as well, which means customizing the layout to your exacting standards. With villagers to recruit, a museum to fill, and buildings to plan it's almost as much a PC Animal Crossing as it is Stardew.

Garden Story

Released: In development | Developer: Picogram | Steam

Garden Story hasn't been released yet, but it's one to keep an eye on for those who like cute and wholesome farming games. Concord the grape tackles all the usual tasks of the Stardew-style game. You'll bring life back to the island, do favors for your fruity friends, and cultivate your garden while investigating The Rot that's destroying the village. Garden Story is planned to release sometime in the spring of 2020.

Ooblets

Released: In development | Developer: Glumberland| Epic

Ooblets has been in development for several years and unfortunately a release date still doesn't appear to be on the horizon. Despite being far off yet, Ooblets is still widely anticipated after making an impression on potential players back in 2017 with its adorably awkward dance moves and Pokemon-like plant creatures. Ooblets will let you customize your character with pastel-colored fashion choices and decorate your house with furniture. You'll spend time exploring town and growing ooblets in your garden before taking them out to dance battle against other characters' ooblets creatures. Ooblets' dedication to wholesome awkwardness is even in the names of its creatures which are burdened with titles like "chickadingding," "dumbirb," and "shrumbo" among plenty others. 

Some online stores give us a small cut if you buy something through one of our links. Read our affiliate policy for more info.  