The best VR games of 2020
Looking for good reasons to set a room up, strap on the old headset, and explore some varied virtual worlds? Then our guide to VR gaming greatness in 2020 should help.

TJ Denzer
November 6, 2020 11:30 AM
3
Virtual reality has arguably grabbed the brass ring in 2020. Where hardware and technology were coming along nicely in previous years, software has felt a little too sparse to talk about at length. Not that there haven’t been bangers. Just not quite enough to fill a list the way we would like. 2020 feels a touch different. Not only did it give a title that could be argued as a GOTY contender, but there are a ton of 2020 releases to talk about, thanks in no small part to the launch of Quest 2 giving many of them technical new life with 2020 recreations for its hardware this year. With that in mind, we took the liberty of pulling a wealth of titles from the corners of the VR space together into a lovely list we'd like to say are the best VR games of 2020.

The best VR games of 2020
Some ground rules: Cut off is unequivocally games launched in 2020 on a VR platform. Furthermore, some previous year games rebuilt for the Quest or Quest 2 count in that 2020 lineup in the same way we might talk about Witcher 3 or Doom 2016 when it comes to best Nintendo Switch ports. On the flipside, that’s also why you won’t see a classic like Beat Saber or Acron: Attack of the Squirrels on this list, because while they are available on the Quest 2 and fantastic VR titles to boot, their availability comes from launch on the original Quest in previous years. Yet still, somehow, we found a way to talk about them, right? Hmm. Anyways, here are 2020’s best VR games so far!

Half-Life: Alyx


It actually feels like an obligation for our safety and your sanity that we talk about Half-Life: Alyx first, because holy heck. This game is an absolute powerhouse of incredible VR design, interaction, and engagement. Taking players back before the events of Half-Life 2, players take on the role of Alyx Vance as she and her allies work in the shadows against the Combine. Half-Life: Alyx is a puzzle game, action game, horror game, and exemplary examples of all of the above formed into one incredible experience. The gravity gloves make interaction with the world a fun venture throughout, the gunplay is respectable and responsive, the puzzles are smart and enjoyable, and the world is stark, terrifying, and also drop-dead gorgeous. Simply put, if you have a VR setup that can play Half-Life: Alyx and you somehow don’t have that game yet, you are making a terrible mistake. Would The Man with the Briefcase lie to you about a good VR game?

The Walking Dead: Saints & Sinners


The Walking Dead: Saints & Sinners has the distinction of being safe for our list two times over with its launch on regular headsets and relaunch on Oculus Quest 2 and… I almost feel icky saying this… It might be one of the most aggressively therapeutic games here. Why? Because the melee is intensely good. Because grabbing a zombie trying to give you the meanest kisses and either jamming a screwdriver into their scalp or introducing them to a close-range revolver shot feels good. It’s uncomfortable, but dang. Skydance Interactive got it so incredibly right with combat in this game. The story is so-so, but if the tension of running around a city, scrounging items for survival, and making the most of your time before things get too dangerous sounds appealing, then Saints and Sinners might be considered the current benchmark for visceral and intense survival horror VR. Also, pro-tip: you can juggle and do gun tricks in this game. Just make sure you don’t accidentally foul up and shoot a quest giver in the face in the process.

Star Wars: Squadrons

Let’s put one thing out there right off the bat. You don’t have to play Star Wars: Squadrons in VR. The game is perfectly functional as a non-VR game and pretty fun to boot. That said? You really, really ought to give VR a whirl in Squadrons. The intensity of jumping into the cockpit of an X-Wing or TIE fighter is boosted further by the ability to handle it all in VR and be able to look around your cockpit and through different parts of the canopy as you fly through space engaging in intergalactic dogfights. It just feels like you’re all the more there when you’re playing the already pretty great natural flight combat experience of Squadrons. And if you have a good flightstick and throttle combo alongside the headset? You’re basically in for the full immersion of being a pilot in the great Star War.

Phasmophobia

2020 has seen a number of multiplayer breakout hits over the course of the last several months, bringing folks together to engage in all kinds of fun whether it’s chasing victory in the wacky obstacle courses of Fall Guys or slaying each other and lying about it in Among Us. VR isn’t exempt from the fun though. Phasmaphobia is another such hit and offers both regular and VR gameplay to players that enter its spooky domain. As ghost hunters, it’s your job to enter properties and collect evidence of spookings. A variety of types of ghosts make each investigation random and there are tons of ways to add to the investigation whether you’re in the action or monitoring from the team van. But regardless, the longer you stay, the more aggressive the ghost gets. Engaging with it in VR first-person can be a terrifying endeavor, but the overall engagement and team interaction makes Phasmophobia a great reason to strap on your headset with online friends.

Dreams

Dreams was good from the moment it launched this year, but VR has helped to push it beyond excellent. This game can become pretty much anything you want it to be. It’s a digital artist gallery and programming toolbox of phenomenal proportion confined only by your understanding of how it works and your imagination. Entire games can be made entirely in Dreams. Experiences can be crafted like an actual cartoon workshop. Beautiful landscapes can be spawned from nothing, and the PSVR handles it all quite well. There are a few technical constraints to Dreams, but it’s like a musical instrument. Put the time in and understand how it plays and you can make magic happen. Creation in Dreams also just happens to be one of the most relaxing experiences around. If you’re looking to take a break from the scares and action of other VR games, maybe it’s time to dip into Media Molecule’s creative suite and see what you can put together yourself.

Marvel’s Iron Man VR

Being Tony Stark isn’t easy, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t cool either. Camouflaj focused in on the cybertech Avenger to craft an entire experience played from behind the visor of Iron Man, and it truly is something to behold. Flying through the skies engaging in aerial combat with enemies is a fantastic and flashy time. Whether you’re flying over the ocean chasing down targets or protecting planes, there’s a little bit of a Panzer Dragoon feel here, but in a good way, and being able to access Iron Man’s arsenal of repulsor blasters, missiles, melee, and more is just plain fun. Marvel’s Iron Man VR isn’t the most in-depth game on this list, but if you’re a Marvel fan, it’s probably worth your time.

Boneworks


Where The Walking Dead: Saints and Sinners is an exemplary example of just how good melee can be when it’s done right in VR, Boneworks is a masterclass of good gunplay. It’s not that there isn’t melee in Boneworks (and the game does other things quite well in its action-driven experience), but gunplay is absolutely its forte. There is simply no other VR title in 2020 that more effectively lets you run through a world letting a rip on enemies with guns akimbo and makes you feel you’re a living, breathing John Woo film so successfully. The game is a wacky menagerie of physics, and though it can sometimes get a little too out of hand for its own good, it’s hard to say there’s another VR shooter that feels this good when it comes to the handle, feel, and variety of its armaments.

Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series

Okay, so yes. Vader Immortal has been available on most VR headsets since very late last year, but here’s its saving grace to landing on this list: Its successful port over to PSVR, allowing all Star Wars fans with a VR headset to engage in the absolute wild fun of playing as an actual factual lightsaber wielding Jedi. Vader Immortal is just dang good for any player who has been enjoying Star Wars games for years and wants to get the more hands-on, boots-on-the-ground approach not offered in Squadrons. A three-part game, Vader Immortal has you go from being a smuggler to discovering your own power as a Jedi to honing it to finally facing off with the legendary Jedi-turned-Sith himself. Along the way, you force pull, laser deflect, and engage the forces of the Empire with everything you got. We can’t really say Vader Immortal’s spinoff to the Star Wars franchise seems canon, but we can hardly say no to a game that lets us engage hands-on in lightsaber duel with Darth Vader himself.

Until You Fall

Until You Fall is another melee affair that feels fantastic, but where The Walking Dead: Saints and Sinners is more freeform in the way you can approach enemies and check the density of their skulls, this one can be considered sort of an action/rhythm hybrid. Until You Fall is roguelite in that you never know what enemies you’ll be dueling until they’re in front of you, but once you’re face to face with your neon-filtered opponents, it’s all about timing your attacks and defenses to the motion and movements of indicators in your vision. As you flail, swing, duck, and dodge, you’ll probably fall to your opponents on a long enough cycle, but it just presents opportunity to strengthen yourself, collect artifacts, explore new weapons, and go into the fight again. Until You Fall saw a rebuild with the launch of the Quest 2, so without any wires present, it’s arguably safer than ever to flail around and slay your foes.

Pixel Ripped 1995

Pixel Ripped 1989 was an absolute gas when it came out in 2018. The game-within-a-game concept was a ridiculous and fun multi-layered nod to oldschool gaming. In 2020, Pixel Ripped 1995 has moved forward a generation to continue that concept in stellar style. Taking on the 16 and 32-bit eras of video games and the console wars that came with them, players once again navigate the game-within-a-game expereince emulating a wealth of SNES, Genesis, and other gaming nostalgia of the era. While playing through its overworld narrative 9-year-old gamer David, you also navigate an adventure to help the video game hero Dot save her realm in a multi-dimensional journey. Pixel Ripped 1995 takes everything good about 1989 and pushes both the nostalgia and jokeyness of the whole concept that much further, and makes for a much more lighthearted and colorful romp in comparison to most of the VR field.

Population: One

When people look at the VR space, battle royale is probably not anywhere near one of the more feasible options for a genre on the platform. Those people likely haven't seen Population: One, which pulls it off rather adequately. Coming from the folks at BigBox VR, Population: One puts all the staples of a proper battle royale at your disposal, including air drops, looting, and gunfights down to the last players standing. Where it succeeds greatly is in corralling the length of these matches down to a point where jump in and jump out play feels right. Back when we previewed Population: One, matches only took about 5-10 minutes. Even so, the gunplay felt good and satisfying and the FreeMotion system of the game ensured tactical strategy and mobility remained intact when engaging or fleeing opponents. It's hard to say if battle royale will really be that big of a thing in VR or not, but at least with Population: One, the genre has good a proof of concept in this space.

Phantom: Covert Ops

Phantom: Covert Ops combines two very unlikely bedfellows, kayaking and first-person shooter combat, into a stealth-action VR experience. We couldn't have possibly guessed that a concept like this would be so intriguing to tackle, but nDreams married the two diverse concepts together well. As a spy, you work your way through various watery levels in your kayak. Levels are menageries of enemy soldiers, helicopters, and base installations that need a healthy dose of sabotage. You have every tool you'll need in your boat, including pistols, assault rifles, sniper rifles, bows, and plastic explosives. Taking out enemies draws attention, so navigating around them is just as important and the multiple opportunities for completing your missions throughout areas make this game truly interesting to explore and re-explore. Who knew chill kayaking and intense spy games could be such a match?

Tetris Effect


Oh, pleasant thing of pleasant things to see that Tetris Effect landed on the Quest environment in 2020. We are literally never going to miss a chance to talk about this game because Tetris Effect is just so dang delightful. Engaging with it is a visual cornucopia of music and gameplay that simulates the Tetris experience nicely, but another amazing experience comes from the Theater Mode, in which you don’t even have to engage with it. Just sit back, relax, and watch and listen to Tetris Effect happening from the comfort of your headset. The Quest 2 makes this experience better than ever as well, because there are no wires. You are free. Free to lay on the couch, sit in your office,  and generally enjoy the cavalcade of goodness that is Tetris Effect. Tetris is nearly always stressful and Tetris Effect can feel that way too, but it also might be one of the most chill ways to ever go about the block-busting classic ever.

That covers our current list of the best VR titles of 2020 so far. There’s still plenty of year left, so we could still see some lovely titles come out of the woodork yet, especially with the launch of the fairly stellar Quest 2, so stay tuned and let us know if we missed one of your favorites in the 2020 year of virtual reality fun.

Best Xbox One games of 2020
The Shacknews team thinks back on the best Xbox One games of 2020.

Sam Chandler
October 24, 2020 1:00 PM
8
Xbox has been in a unique position in recent years. With the shift to a more consumer-friendly cross-platform setup, Microsoft is ensuring that more gamers than ever experience iconic Xbox titles. With Xbox also snapping up numerous developers and publishers, the company is setting itself up to have quite a competitive first-party line-up. Though 2020 was a bit light in exclusives, there were a bunch of games that consumed our playtime on Xbox One. Let’s take a trip back through the year that was 2020 and pick out some of our favorites.

The best Xbox One games of 2020
While not all of the following games are exclusives (thanks in part to a lighter year of first-party games and Microsoft’s commitment to cross-platform releases), these are but a few of the titles that absorbed the lion’s share of the Shacknews staff’s time on Xbox One. There’s still some more juice left in 2020, so you can definitely anticipate that this list will only continue to grow!

Ori and the Will of the Wisps – Chris Jarrard
best xbox one games of 2020
Moon Studios came back bigger and better for its colorful metroidvania sequel. Ori and the Will of the Wisps has one of the most eye-catching visual presentations of its generation and is fun to play as well. It is legitimate demo material for those with HDR displays and expected to be a showcase title for the Xbox Series X where it will receive an 120Hz upgrade.

Wasteland 3 – Josh Hawkins

There is a lot that could be said about Wasteland 3. The sheer amount of choice that players are given is beyond anything we have seen in any video game to date, and RTS fans will find more than enough on hand to delight them for hours.

Tell Me Why – Ozzie Mejia

Dontnod is going to be recognized first and foremost for the Life is Strange series, but Tell Me Why might be their best work to date. It tells the captivating story of twin siblings separated for over ten years. It's the story of siblings coming back together and rediscovering what it means to be family, but it's also a fascinating mystery that dives deep into one of the darkest moments of their past.

It's also the manner in which the story unfolds that makes Tell Me Why such an engaging story. It dives into the idea that the twins once created their own universe of fairy tales and integrated them into a series of puzzles that wove into the mystery. And even when one of the fairy tale puzzles didn't connect with me, I still had the option to just smash my way through, like a caveman.

This game is already great and that's before even touching on how meaningful it is to present a positive transgender protagonist, one played by a transgender actor. Representation matters and it's heartening to see more marginalized groups represented in video games.

Call of Duty: Warzone – Chris Jarrard

While Activision took its first stab at the battle royale genre back in 2018 with the Blackout game mode for Black Ops 4, it didn't quite become the hit most expected. For their second try, Call of Duty: Warzone, the publisher offered the game mode free to all players and landed on a satisfying mix of classic Call of Duty multiplayer action and battle royale mechanics. Built on the foundation of 2019's Modern Warfare, Warzone has a bright future as one of the best games of its class.

Bleeding Edge – Blake Morse

I love it when a game not only has great gameplay but impeccable style as well. No other game for the Xbox One embodies those principles as much as Bleeding Edge does. With a ton of unique playable characters that not only have a great anime aesthetic, but also some awesome combat moves, Bleeding Edge quickly set itself apart as a great new PvP brawler. You can shred people to death as death-metal cyborg, sneak up on them as a spray-painting samurai, or be a woman who’s augmented herself to be more robot-bird than human. And that’s just scratching the surface. The game’s PvP matches are easy to wrap your head around and don’t last long enough to become a tedious grind. If you’ve got an Xbox One, you owe it to yourself to take Bleeding Edge for a spin.

Grounded – Sam Chandler

Imagine if you took the film Honey, I Shrunk the Kids and turned it into a video game. You would have Grounded, one of the most unique crafting and survival games released in a long time. Developed by Obsidian Entertainment, Grounded puts players in the tiny shoes of four children as they look to survive the horrors and dangers of a familiar, yet surprisingly foreign world: a backyard. Standing only a fraction of an inch tall, these kids have to use whatever they can find to build a base, feed themselves, and work out how to get back to normal. The game’s still in Early Access, but it’s been receiving regular updates that add even more goodness for players to experience.

Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 1+2 – TJ Denzer

Let's get something straight. It might have been fine enough for Vicarious Visions to make a Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1+2 that didn't absolutely fail in every single way like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5 did. No, the studio went far above and beyond. Good gameplay controls utilizing some of the best features of the series and options to switch between game style input? Check. Soundtrack featuring all of the music from the first two games, plus new and contemporary goodies? Check. All of the legends we remember from those games, and also modern day pro skaters rocking the scene right now? Check, check, checkaroonie. THPS 1+2 isn't just a duct-taped amalgam of our memories. It's a meaningfully recreated and evolved product of the all of the best things we loved about those games. Someday we'd love to see Vicarious Vision's take on Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 in this style, but until that day comes, Vicarious has earned their place in our hearts for the magnificent creation that is THPS 1+2.

NHL 21 – Bill Lavoy

If you’re looking for a fast-paced sports games to get you through the colder months, what better game than NHL 21? This year’s iteration comes with a revamped Be a Pro, the new HUT Rush game mode, and a variety of gameplay tweaks that make this the most realistic hockey game on the planet. As mentioned in the Shacknews NHL 21 review, the game has something for everyone, and is the perfect option for a hockey fan with a taste for video games.

Doom Eternal – Josh Hawkins

Doom Eternal builds off of the same chaotic action that made Doom 2016 such a huge hit. Taking players back into the world of id Software’s iconic FPS series, Doom Eternal brings new things to the table, adding platforming, new types of enemies, and even some variations on weapons fans will recognize. If you want brutal, hell-razing combat, then Doom Eternal has plenty to offer.

Sea of Thieves – Sam Chandler

It’s been a crazy time for Sea of Thieves. Released two years ago now, this pirate adventure game by Rare has improved leaps and bounds over the first year of its life, and it’s only continued to flourish in 2020. There have been a wealth of content updates this year including, but not limited to: Easter egg hunting, new fiery skeleton types and boss battles, ghost ships, double XP and gold weekends, a new trading company focused on PVP, an emissary system, dogs, and a new type of puzzling voyages for players to experience. Oh, and Sea of Thieves also released on Steam! It’s one of the best games on Xbox One, and a title that only gets better with each month and year.

There’s still a bit more energy left in 2020. With the Xbox Series X and Series S releasing in November, and more video games scheduled to release this year, gamers are in a great position to have a fun-filled holiday season. No doubt this list will grow and change over the next couple of months, but as for right now, what games had you tied to your Xbox One?

The best fantasy games on PC
Escape to another world with our list of the best fantasy games on PC

The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt griffin battle
There’s nothing quite like escaping into another world, immersing yourself in its history and people, and getting to grips with your new virtual life. Fantasy games are especially good at offering these sorts of experiences, but the genre is so packed with great adventures that it can be hard to pinpoint where exactly to place your attention.

Luckily for you, we’ve put together this list of the best fantasy games on PC. As always, we want to highlight a varied selection of titles, from mammoth RPGs to 2D action-platformers. There’s even a sports game in the mix this time around. And please don’t worry if we’ve missed your favourite fantasy game – there’s every chance that it could be added at a later time.

So, whether you’re looking to slay some dragons in a sprawling open world or try something a little stranger, we’ve got you covered with our list of the best fantasy games on PC. All you need is a sense of adventure and the patience for copious amounts of lore. Let’s go!

BEST FANTASY GAMES ON PC
Here are the best fantasy games on PC:

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
Outward
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
Dragon Age 2
Genshin Impact
Pyre
Pillars of Eternity
Hollow Knight
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
Outward
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
Dragon Age 2
Genshin Impact
Pyre
Pillars of Eternity
Hollow Knight
The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt griffin chase
THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT
With all the hype now years behind us, it’s plain to see that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has gone down as one of the best PC games of all time. Its expansive fantasy world has no shortage of deeply human interactions and tales of woe, joy, and everything in between. Ultimately, it’s this intense focus on storytelling – both epic and decidedly mundane – that gives it such an endearing spirit.

Mod it: Check out the best Witcher 3 mods

As a fantasy game, it’s arguably at the height of its powers during the Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine DLC quest lines. Here you’ll find plenty of creative twists on age-old fantasy yarns, with the latter even featuring a fully-explorable ‘Land of a Thousand Fables’.

After Geralt’s adventure has come to a close and you’ve spent dozens of hours in good company, you’ll doubtlessly leave The Witcher 3 with a lump in your throat and more than a tale or two of your own to tell.

Outward protagonist exploring snowy environment
OUTWARD
Outward absolutely nails the sensation of embarking on a long, challenging, and potentially life-threatening adventure. It can at times feel like there are multiple steps in the way of achieving the simplest of tasks, from prepping your backpack to planning your route. But rather than bore you to tears, what this does is shift the focus to the journey itself and grant your every decision a greater sense of importance.

Related: The best open-world games on PC

A rushed plan will always end in disaster, so you must think everything through and be sure that any trip beyond the city walls will be worth your time and effort. The smallest of victories therefore become a cause for celebration, and the slow realisation that you’ve eked out a decent life for yourself in an impossibly harsh world is oddly comforting.

Skyrim college of Winterfell
THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM
Skyrim has been picked apart, written about, and played more than perhaps any other game on this list – and for good reason. It’s easily Bethesda’s most approachable modern RPG, offering hundreds of hours of popcorn fantasy and adventuring, and there’s still an undeniable charm to just wandering its world, engaging with its enjoyably awkward NPCs, and ignoring your destiny to steal some sweetrolls or ‘Fus Ro Dah’ a bandit off a cliff.

It certainly helps that the game’s modding scene is still going strong, with many of the best Skyrim mods being just a quick download away.

Dragon Age 2 Hawke casting a spell
DRAGON AGE 2
Dragon Age 2 is grossly underappreciated (I really must point out that both Dragon Age: Origins and Inquisition are better). By rejecting the ‘bigger is better’ mantra of AAA gaming sequels, it’s able to offer the series’ most focused, compelling drama and cast. The city of Kirkwall is packed full of intriguing tales and memorable characters struggling to live their lives among an escalating feud that threatens to destroy all in its wake.

Check out: The best dragon games on PC

Despite these life-or-death stakes, the game’s key conflicts retain a certain intimacy and immediacy. The enemy, whoever you feel it may be, is already in the city walls before you’ve even rocked up to the party, and there’s a troubling sense that your hard-fought victories are only delaying the inevitable.

Sure, the recycled maps and other signs of a tight development turnaround are still present ten years on, but – as was true on release – the good far outweighs the bad.

Genshin Impact giant blue dragon
GENSHIN IMPACT
For many, Genshin Impact has been a wild introduction to the world of gacha games. It’s a great place to start, honestly, and few of the best free PC games can claim to offer such a wealth of enjoyable missions, likeable characters, and sumptuous visuals for the price of nowt.

New update: Find out how to raise your Genshin Impact reputation

The writing can be a bit hit-or-miss, but even if Paimon gets on your nerves, there’ll always be something to keep you playing, whether that be the promise of cool new loot, a fresh character, or another gorgeous sandbox area to explore.

Pyre the Downside
PYRE
What a strange, resonant, and unforgettable game Pyre is. Supergiant’s tale of trapped exiles attempting to return home by succeeding in sport-like ‘rites’ is as sad as it is uplifting. Your journey through the Downside sees you befriending the unlikeliest of heroes, and the hardships shared by you, your party, and even your rivals have the effect of bringing everyone together and complicating every emotion felt.

Get competitive: With our list of the best football games on PC

Pyre’s world-building and branching narrative might be its major hooks, but the rites themselves are still a joy to play, and their surprising complexity becomes apparent as you progress or bump up the difficulty. Basically, the game doesn’t put a foot wrong.

Pillars of Eternity battle
PILLARS OF ETERNITY
Pillars of Eternity is a smart RPG set in a grim fantasy land where your choices actually carry weight. Despite its obvious old-school appeal, it still bears its own personality and sense of history. Plus, it knows exactly what to take from its inspirations and what to update.

Obsidian’s approach should work well for fresh-eyed players and those who’ve spent a silly amount of time in the world of Neverwinter Nights, Baldur’s Gate, or Planescape: Torment. Its seafaring successor, Pillars of Eternity 2: Deadfire, is equally worthy of your attention.

Hollow Knight combat encounter
HOLLOW KNIGHT
Hollow Knight is one of the most generous fantasy games you could hope to find on PC. It’s a 2D action-platformer set in a strange land of giant bugs and underground civilisations. Your goal is to navigate and gradually map out your treacherous surroundings while taking down a series of tricky bosses.

Its open nature and countless well-hidden secrets make exploration a delight, and just as you think the game is drawing to a close or running out of steam, it presents some new idea or challenge to reinvigorate its action in a big way. There’s an incredible amount to see here, and it’s all worthwhile.

And there you have it – the best fantasy games on PC. If you’re still on the hunt for something to play, perhaps our lists of the best sword games, best roguelike games, and best RPG games might help narrow your search.

Get involved in the conversation by heading over to our Facebook and Instagram pages. To stay up to date with the latest PC gaming guides, news, and reviews, follow PCGamesN on Twitter and Steam News Hub.
