Eight great PC games not to miss in November
Be a chicken detective, bug-munching explorer, or all-powerful warbird in November's best indies

Bugsnax creature chasing bugs
The time is nigh for our monthly rundown of the latest and most promising games you may not have heard of, whether indie games or anything without a triple-A’s marketing budget. This time around, we’re taking our big ol’ magnifying glass to November, a very quiet month with nothing much going on at all. No sir. Thankfully, there’s no shortage of great games to keep us glued to our screens and bashing away at our keyboards, mostly of the chicken, falcon, and eagle variety.

If you’d rather not run afoul of any fowl, we’ve also got a few FPS games in the mix, a trippy-as-all-heck puzzler, and whatever on earth Bugsnax is supposed to be. This is really a chance for us to shine a spotlight on some inventive, often flat-out weird stuff that you might otherwise have missed.

Honestly, who needs a graphics card the price of a used car or a giant router when you can be a chicken detective or a bug-munching explorer in games like these? So strap in and prepare yourself for our list of November’s finest lesser-known games. Enjoy!

Here are eight great games not to miss in November.

YouTube Thumbnail
SECTOR’ EDGE – OCTOBER 31
Sector’s Edge is a blocky FPS for fans of making things go ‘boom’. Yes, its maps are completely destructible, meaning the roof could collapse on you, the floor may crumble beneath your feet, and no piece of cover will hold forever. This keeps matches fast and intense, as you never really know where death might come from next. It also brings a map editor and extensive gun customisation system to the (soon-to-be-broken) table. Grab it for free right now over on Steam.

YouTube Thumbnail
CHICKEN POLICE – NOVEMBER 5
You’ve seen a bird dating sim, now help yourself to a hearty portion of buddy-cop chicken noir. This clucking wild point-and-click satire of classic noir cinema sees you investigating the strangest of cases in a world filled with anthropomorphic critters.

You assume the roles of washed-up chicken detectives Sonny Featherland and Marty MacChicken as they attempt to rekindle their fractious working relationship and crack the case without offing one another in the process. With a fun sense of humour and an intriguing interrogation system, Chicken Police is on track to be a real tasty treat. So waddle on over to its Steam page and take a wee gander at all the deets. Yes, geese and chickens aren’t the same thing – peck me.

YouTube Thumbnail
SUPERLIMINAL – NOVEMBER 5
If you thought Portal, Manifold Garden, and Antichamber were about as mind-boggling as first-person puzzlers could get, wait until you get a load of Superliminal. This one plays with forced perspective and optical illusions to create puzzles that are as trippy to look at as they are fun to solve.

Early on, you’ll slip into a deep slumber and find yourself trapped in an unnerving dreamscape that only the mysterious Dr Glenn Pierce and his AI assistant can guide you out of. Quite how you got into this mess in the first place is anyone’s guess, but you’ll be glad that you did when those lovely ‘aha!’ moments start landing. If you’re up to the challenge, here’s its Steam page.

YouTube Thumbnail
THE FALCONEER – NOVEMBER 10
The Falconeer sees you taking to the skies as an all-powerful warbird in a gorgeous open-world setting called ‘The Great Ursee’. You’ll engage in brutal dog-fighting action, upgrade your bird using experimental weapons, mutagens, and chants, and ultimately decide which factions to side with or destroy. It looks rather remarkable, both in its action and visual presentation, and it’s prepping for take-off over on Steam.

YouTube Thumbnail
PRODEUS – NOVEMBER 10
Prodeus looks to be a blood-soaked blast of an old school FPS, boasting a neat art style that enhances its pixelated gore with some decidedly modern flourishes. The end result is a great-looking shooter that – if its ultra-violent gameplay footage is any indication – will also be a joy to play.

You can expect to rip and tear your way through a handcrafted single-player campaign, backed by another glorious heavy metal score from Andrew Hulshult, before delving into the extensive level editor. If your heart can handle it, here’s Prodeus’ Steam page.

YouTube Thumbnail
XIII – NOVEMBER 10
Remember XIII? Based on the graphic novel of the same name and released back in 2003, the stylish spy thriller is now considered to be something of a cult classic. This here remake updates its FPS action and re-envisions its timeless cel-shaded art style to offer an all-round more modern experience.

The story sees you, an amnesiac with the skills of a professional killer, investigating your past and realising that you might just have murked the President of the United States of America. Not the best news to wake up to, I’m sure. Anywho, you can sneak your way over to its Steam page for more classified info.

YouTube Thumbnail
BUGSNAX – NOVEMBER 12
Yes it was featured in the PS5 showcase, but it’s still an indie so it still counts. An exception to the ‘games you might not have heard of’ rule for this feature, everyone is indeed talkin’ ’bout Bugsnax – and for good reason. It’s already cemented itself as one of the most gleefully strange games in recent memory, and once you’ve heard its earworm theme tune, well, prepare for it to invade your thoughts with troubling regularity.

The game sees you scouring Snaktooth Island in search of the eponymous half-bug half-snack creatures, of which there are around 100 species to collect, while attempting to uncover the fate of intrepid explorer Elizabert Megafig and her missing followers. It’s deeply weird, arguably somewhat creepy, and scuttling towards launch on the Epic Games Store.

YouTube Thumbnail
THE PATHLESS – NOVEMBER 12
The Pathless comes to us from Abzû developer Giant Squid, and if you played that one, you’ll know that you’re in for a real treat with this gorgeous open-world game. It tells the tale of an archer and their eagle pal as they attempt to dispel a foul curse and take down a series of corrupted spirits – all of which are ruddy massive.

You’ll gracefully traverse a gorgeous island by performing high-flying acrobatics and hitting speed-boosting points of power with your bow and arrow. Watch some gameplay and just try to tell me that it doesn’t look smooth AF. Now whizz your way over to its Epic Games Store page for all the details.

The best sword games on PC
From open-world RPGs to multiplayer epics, these are the best sword games on PC

Mordhau first-person battle with sword in hand
Hacking and slashing your way through hordes of enemies with an oversized sword in hand is one of videogaming’s greatest delights. Sword games can strive for realism, both in their combat and setting, or set out to be ludicrous power fantasies – there are no hard and fast rules here, which makes it all rather exciting.

So given that it’s an extremely broad genre, you might well be having a tough time finding the best of the bunch. That’s precisely why we’ve collated a handy list that spans all types of sword games, from 2D co-op titles and hack ‘n’ slash actioners to VR rhythm games and expansive sandbox RPGs.

Regardless of whatever type of sword games you enjoy, you’re sure to find something here that takes your fancy. We’ve also tried to get a nice mix of single-player and multiplayer games, just in case you have a strong preference for either. And so let’s get to it! Here are the best sword games on PC in no particular order.

BEST SWORD GAMES ON PC
Here are the best sword games on PC:

For Honor
Ghostrunner
Kingdom Come: Deliverance
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance
Mordhau
Nidhogg 2
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice
Warhammer: Vermintide 2
Beat Saber
Doom Eternal
For Honor up-close battle
FOR HONOR
For Honor sidesteps any attempts at historical authenticity for a Deadliest Warrior approach that allows you to pit samurai, Vikings, knights, and Wu Lin warriors against one another to see what might happen.

The results are often incredibly fun, and while the premise might seem silly to Mordhau or Chivalry players, there’s a great deal of depth to its combat system and distinct heroes. Give over to its charms and you’ll likely have a blast.

Ghostrunner swinging his sword
GHOSTRUNNER
Ghostrunner’s vicious combat is a fast, furious delight, with your instakill strikes resulting in comically OTT eruptions of gore. It’s all in aid of creating that ultimate cyberpunk ninja experience, as you skilfully wall-run, slide, and dance between bullets with ease.

And while the up-close combat is kept deliberately straightforward, nailing some impossible parkour and landing a killing blow is still immensely satisfying. Our full Ghostrunner review calls it “Titanfall meets Hotline Miami”, if that gives you any indication of just how intense it can get.

Kingdom Come Deliverance major battle
KINGDOM COME: DELIVERANCE
You can easily spend hours in Kingdom Come: Deliverance, Warhorse’s simulation-heavy RPG game, without ever once needing to unsheathe your blade. That said, this only increases the intensity and importance of your battles with medieval Bohemia’s deadliest.

Getting caught off guard by a ragtag team of bandits is therefore cause for celebration, as such encounters give you the chance to hone and show off your swordplay skills. Much like every system in Kingdom Come, its tactical combat takes a while to get used to – and it will feel deliberately awkward at first – but stick with it and you’ll soon be taking down armoured killers in style.

Metal Gear Rising Revengeance Raiden with sword in hand
METAL GEAR RISING: REVENGEANCE
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance is a radical departure from its stealthy predecessors, being a lightning-fast, Platinum-developed action game with some of the finest hack ‘n’ slash combat around. As pouty cyborg Raiden, you’ll battle your way through a ludicrous plot and plenty of killer boss fights while gradually mastering the art of the blade.

It’s pitched somewhere between Bayonetta and Devil May Cry, though Raiden’s ability to slow time to a crawl and dissect his foes is a memorable (and rather disgusting) addition. Plus, you can slice up nearby cars into little bits – it’s great fun.

Mordhau major battle
MORDHAU
If you want heavy, exceedingly violent medieval swordplay with a high skill ceiling, Mordhau will no doubt be to your liking. It’s equally adept at large-scale multiplayer battles, and while the largest of fights can be a touch unruly, the game positively soars when the stars align and everything works as it should.

Mordhau’s up-close encounters do definitely take some getting used to, but with that comes a greater sense of progression as you attain mastery of your preferred combat style. Besides, if you can’t beat a master swordsman in a 1v1 you can just ambush them with a warhammer while they’re busy duelling someone else. Easy.

Nidhogg 2 co-op standoff
NIDHOGG 2
Nidhogg 2’s swordplay demands experimentation and quick thinking, not least because your player-controlled nemesis might start blasting you with arrows or opt to lob a dagger at your face. There’s no room for chivalry in its fleshy, repellent world.

However, spamming attacks and going for head-on assaults can be a recipe for disaster, so hanging back for a split second to read or throw off your opponent makes all the difference. You also have to consider that a simple prod with your sword is enough to kill them dead, making untelegraphed moves especially effective. Despite its gross-out style, there’s clearly a good deal of hidden depth to Nidhogg 2’s hectic action.

Sekiro Shadows Die Twice early boss battle
SEKIRO: SHADOWS DIE TWICE
Sekiro’s blisteringly fast hack ‘n’ slash sword fighting can initially feel quite restrictive when compared to FromSoftware’s Dark Souls series, but its increased focus on reading your opponents and acting accordingly makes for a slicker, more unforgiving combat system.

At times, you’ll fall into a rhythm-action trance as you expertly flow from one move to the next with the utmost flair. Hulking demons and master samurai are no match for a clear head and good timing.

And despite the level of difficulty on offer, it should work as a welcoming entry point to the wider world of FromSoftware with its kinder respawn mechanic. At the very least, you won’t get quite so lost in this one, so long as you eavesdrop on enemy conversations and keep an eye out for the myriad environmental hints.

Warhammer Vermintide 2 solider standing proud
WARHAMMER: VERMINTIDE 2
Taking cues from the likes of Left 4 Dead, Warhammer: Vermintide 2 sees you teaming up with some pals to battle your way through well-crafted levels filled with revolting ratmen. Few co-op games offer quite as much as this one – there’s a frankly silly amount to see, unlock, and decimate here.

And you’ll always be having a good time thanks to the game’s bloody swordplay and varied arsenal, which certainly isn’t limited to swords alone. It’s a solid rat game (click if you dare), and its post-launch support has been consistently good.

Beat Saber VR level
BEAT SABER
Beat Saber doesn’t see you facing down a rival swordsman, but its brand of rhythm-action slashing is no less intense. As a VR game, it’s utterly entrancing and remains exciting for far longer than you might expect, with custom levels helping to greatly extend its long-term appeal.

It’s easy to get carried away in the moment or caught up in a satisfying flow. Just don’t think about how silly you look while playing. And as simple as it may be, it’s still easily among the best rhythm games on PC.

Doom Eternal shooting a fodder demon
DOOM ETERNAL
Doom Eternal might not be the most obvious choice for a list of best sword games, considering that it’s an FPS and all, but its Crucible energy sword is an all-timer. From the moment you restore the blade to its former glory, it’s clear that the Crucible is no ordinary weapon.

It functions as an instakill super of sorts that can rip and tear the toughest of demons into gross chunks. Honestly, it’s the perfect way to thin down the enemy ranks whenever things get a little too hectic, and it just feels phenomenal to swing, like the ultimate lightsabre.

And that’s it for our list of the best sword games on PC! Hopefully we didn’t miss your favourite, but if we did, there’s every chance that it might be added in a future update.

If you’re still on the hunt for the best PC games, might we suggest our lists of the best roguelike games or best indie games on PC?

10 Great PC Games To Play If You Like The Legend Of Zelda Series
The Legend of Zelda is an incredible and beloved series. If you're looking for more titles like it, be sure to check out these PC recommendations.

BY JACK PURSEY
6 DAYS AGO



(Left) Okami promotional image of Amaterasu (Right) Beyond Good and Evil promotional image of Jade
The Legend of Zelda is one of the most critically acclaimed series of all time, rivaled only by the likes of Mario and Grand Theft Auto. Consequently, the series' Nintendo exclusivity is a source of frustration for many gamers. Thankfully, the variety in playstyle between many of Link's adventures along with the huge catalog of games available on PC has provided many similar experiences to those offered in the Zelda series.

RELATED: 
The Legend Of Zelda: Every Game, Ranked By How Long They Take To Beat

Although there are many straight-up Zelda clones out there, most of them are just rip-offs that aren't worth playing. All of the entries on this list, however, are great games in their own right. They're far from being identical to Zelda but will offer players a great time nonetheless.

10
The Binding Of Isaac
The Binding of Isaac promotional image of Isaac crying surrounded by monsters
The Binding of Isaac offers gameplay similar to Link's earliest adventures, such as the original Legend of Zelda and A Link to the Past.

Key similarities include the top-down perspective and multitude of dungeons to conquer. The game differentiates itself from its Zelda counterpart with its procedurally generated dungeons and dark tone that takes inspiration from the biblical story of the same name.

9
Dark Souls
Dark Souls 1 PC gameplay of player and dragon
Whereas The Binding of Issac has similarities to Zelda's oldest titles, Dark Souls is comparable to the most recent main-series game Breath of the Wild. Furthermore, Dark Souls differentiates itself from others on this list, as whereas most took inspiration from Zelda, Breath of the Wild took inspiration from Dark Souls. This is particularly apparent in Breath of the Wild's lore-based story-telling that players must seek out to find and parry centric combat.

The inspirations aren't just one way though as Dark Souls, like many games, has numerous mechanics that were inspired by the revolutionary Ocarina of Time. FromSoftware's Hidetaka Miyazaki, the creator of Dark Souls, responded to the comparisons between the games saying that he felt FromSoftware's franchise was "unworthy" of being compared to the Zelda series.

8
Ittle Dew 2
Ittle Dew 2 pc gameplay
Ittle Dew 2 strands players on an island and requires them to obtain eight pieces of a raft before they can leave.

RELATED: 
10 Things To Know Before Starting The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild

The game focuses predominantly on the adventure puzzling elements that are prominent in Zelda games, as well as throwing many enemies at players to defeat, including bosses at the end of dungeons. Unfortunately, the game had numerous issues due to differences between the game's developer and publisher, resulting in it being taken off of many digital platforms. Thankfully, the game is currently still available to play on Steam and Switch as it was self-published on the two stores.

7
Hyper Light Drifter
hyper lift drifter pc gameplay
Hyper Light Drifter was developed and published by Heart Machine and started life on Kickstarter. Following a lucrative campaign, the game made its way to PC in March 2016.

The 2D adventure game is a throwback to the 16-bit era and is an ideal choice for those looking for an experience similar to A Link to The Past or A Link Between Worlds. The indie game was well received by both fans and critics, evidenced by its 84 Metascore and 8.2 User Score.

6
Fable
Fable pc gameplay of the playable character
Fable is a great choice for players who are looking for a 3D Zelda-like experience but with a heavier focus on role-playing mechanics. The game differentiated itself from the competition in 2004 with its implementation of the alignment feature.

The alignment feature added weight to the player's in-game decisions, awarding them either good or evil points depending on their actions. Alignment mechanics are commonplace in RPG's today, but it was a unique feature back in the mid-2000s

5
Beyond Good And Evil

The cult classic Beyond Good & Evil offers one of gaming's best puzzle-adventures. Puzzle-solving isn't all that players will be tasked with though, as they'll have to sharpen their platforming and stealth skills if they want to keep Jade alive.

The game was originally intended to be the first entry in a trilogy, however, poor sales put subsequent projects on the backburner. Five years after the game's initial release a teaser trailer was shown at Ubidays, although talk of a sequel died down shortly after. Finally, in E3 2017, a prequel was officially announced.

4
Kamiko
Kamiko PC Gameplay
Skipmore's Kamiko is the last game on this list that will appeal to fans of Link's top-down perspective adventures like A Link Between Worlds and A Link to the Past. The game isn't particularly long, but it crams a lot into its short runtime.

Kamiko has a heavier focus on action than its Zelda counterpart, exemplified by the combo meter that keeps the arcade-like action interesting. The game originally released on Nintendo Switch, receiving a Metascore of 74 before coming to PC in mid-2019.

3
Psychonauts
Psychonauts pc gameplay
Similarly to Beyond Good and Evil, Psychonauts is a mid-2000s cult classic adventure game that recently delighted fans with the announcement of a long-awaited sequel.

RELATED: 
The 10 Hardest Boss Fights In Zelda History, Ranked

Psychonauts leans heavily into its unique theme of psychic abilities. This is not just done through the use of Raz's powers, but also with the levels that take place within certain character's minds, adding an interesting spin on Zelda's dungeons.

2
Darksiders II
Darksiders 2 pc gameplay
Darksiders II, along with the other Darksiders games, offers a more heavy metal approach to the Zelda formula. Nintendo's lovable mascot Link and his trusty steed Epona are replaced by Death, one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse, and his intimidating horse named Despair.

The game leans into the hack and slash genre with players able to use scythes, axes, maces, and much more to take down their foes. Darksiders II isn't just an all-out action game though, as it frequently shifts in tone and pace by offering puzzle segments and adventuristic exploration.

1
Ōkami
Okami pc gameplay
Ōkami isn't just on this list for fans of the wolf sections in Twilight Princess. As well as being one of the few adventure games that offer gameplay on-par with Zelda, Ōkami also had some of the most beautiful visuals of the PS2 era. The game offered an artistic interpretation of classical Japan and did the Japanese folklore that it was based upon great justice.

Ōkami was Clover Studio's first game outside of their Viewtiful Joe series, and won IGN's Best Adventure Game award in 2006, edging the aforementioned Twilight Princess.

The 10 Best PlayStation 4 Games Of 2020, Ranked (According To Metacritic)
The Playstation 4 has had a truly great year, mainly thanks to these games with high Metacritic scores.

BY ANASTASIA MAILLOT
5 DAYS AGO




Despite the year 2020 being difficult on both developers and fans, many incredible games still made it out regardless of the limitations on the industry. In fact, social distancing has most likely inspired more people to invest in new games or a brand-new console.

RELATED:
PS4: 10 Best Selling Games, Ranked According To Metacritic

PlayStation 4 has especially seen quite a few great titles pop up this year, making it a relatively strong year for it even with the imminent release of PlayStation 5. Among the games that came out this year for PlayStation 4, these are the strongest titles along with their respective scores on Metacritic.

10
F1 2020 - 86
F1 2020 Car On Track
Racing games are an art of their own. Controls need to feel smooth and easy to use, in order for the experience to be authentic, and this is definitely achieved in F1 2020. If you're passionate about racing and cars, this is as much of a go-to title as the newest FIFA would be to a football lover.

The game introduces real drivers and the actual teams included in the real world F1, and what's better, there's a handy split-screen mode that allows players to compete against their friends. F1 2020 has a total of 22 different tracks, and for a racing simulation is pretty realistic.

9
Spelunky 2 - 86
Spelunky 2 Gameplay
For an impressive, vibrant and challenging 2D platformer, look no further than Spelunky 2. The sequel to the original Spelunky brings the characters to outer space, where they'll need to venture out to discover treasure and look for their family members.

RELATED:
10 Best-Selling PlayStation Launch Titles, Ranked By Metacritic

Spelunky 2 isn't just a simple platformer, but combines all sorts of different elements into its action and adventure experience. Using the environment to your advantage, you can take down enemies, access new areas and solve puzzles. Best of all, the game looks incredible for a 2D platformer and runs smoothly.

8
DOOM Eternal - 87
DOOM Eternal Official Artwork
If the mix of science fiction, action, demons and ridiculously powerful FPS game elements sounds like your cocktail of choice, DOOM Eternal might just be your jam. This game truly empowers the player in a way one wouldn't expect, placing them in the shoes of an epic demon slayer.

Tasked with saving the world, your only mission is to fight the demons that threaten to wipe out humanity, while becoming an epic hero in the process. No more pathetic cowering from scary survival horror monsters, because in DOOM the demons cower from you.

7
Final Fantasy VII Remake - 87
Final Fantasy VII Remake Cloud And Sephiroth
The Final Fantasy franchise has been a primordial part of pop culture for ages. In particular, Final Fantasy VII often comes up as a consistent fan favorite due to its touching story and incredible, memorable characters. Its remake definitely lived up to its legacy, and more.

Final Fantasy VII Remake sends you back to the original tale of Cloud, Tifa and the rest you fell in love with, with gorgeous upgraded graphics and smooth combat experience. It really does successfully pay homage to its roots, something which is so difficult to achieve without killing that nostalgia factor.

6
Kentucky Route Zero: TV Edition - 88
Kentucky Route Zero TV Edition Screenshot
Great games don't necessarily have to be top tier when it comes to graphics and innovative gameplay. Sometimes, simple things introduced in a compelling manner is all one needs to make a successful title, and Kentucky Route Zero: TV Edition proves that with ease.

RELATED:
10 Awesome Things The PlayStation 5 Can Do (That The PlayStation 4 Can't)

Characterized by a unique art style true to Annapurna Interactive's style, this point-and-click adventure is more preoccupied with telling a great story than making you test your skills. Regardless, its adventure akin to real life sucks you in and awakens emotions, as if often typical of successful indie games.

5
Pistol Whip - 88
Pistol Whip Official Artwork
VR games tend to be a bit of a hit or mess, but Pistol Whip managed to actually entertain its players with how utterly ridiculous and entertaining it is. The world itself is a colorful mess of targets that need to be shot down, but the whole game is more about the experience than the visuals anyway.

It's the perfect game to taste your FPS skills outside of just using a controller or even a keyboard and mouse. This game actually turns you into somewhat of a shooter hero, something which we usually only experience through powerful characters from third-person perspective.

4
Dreams - 89
Dreams Character Screenshot
Creative games are tough to make due to how stiff the competition is for the market, but Dreams is doing a pretty good job so far. From the creators of LittleBigPlanet, one can expect pure joy and wonder in this innovative sandbox game which puts emphasis on creativity.

Players can craft their own games in Dreams, or play those made by other players. It successfully creates a sense of community, while encouraging you to create the types of scenarios and challenges you would most like to experience yourself.

3
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2 - 89
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1+2
Living in an era of remakes is controversial. Not all of them are equally good, but Tony Hawk's Pro Skate 1 + 2 delivers and hits a spot. This combination game is fantastic because there's just so much content, gathered from the first two games and upgraded to today's standards.

RELATED:
The 10 Best PlayStation 4 Exclusive Open-World Games

The nostalgia factor is preserved to perfection with old controls, but with how fun and casual the game feels, even newcomers to the genre will enjoy this blast from the past. No wonder it made it so high in Metacritic with its ability to keep players interested through the map creation mode and character creation and customization.

2
The Last Of Us Part II - 93
The Last Of Us Part II Ellie
The Last of Us is one of the major games of the last decade, and moved even the toughest to tears with its heartbreaking tale of Joel and Ellie through a world plagued by the infected. Needless to say, the developers were in for a challenge to top their achievement with a sequel.

The Last of Us Part II received a degree of controversy over its ending, and some aspects of the story itself. That being said, it still provided incredible gameplay and that trademark deep storytelling which left a lasting mark on its fans. It's likely it will earn the status of game of the year with ease.

1
Persona 5 Royal - 95
Persona 5 Royal Official Artwork
The Persona franchise has been on par with Final Fantasy with how much of a mark it has left on pop culture, and for good reason. Its fifth installment is undoubtedly among the best titles this year, introducing major graphical improvements while maintaining its signature comic book style.

The characters of Persona 5 might seem like regular high school students, but they each have a persona they don which allows them to remove corruption from the hearts of those around them. Fun and a highly immersive story and adventure game with strong RPG elements, Persona 5 doesn't disappoint.

The Best Games In The Apple MacBook App Store
Apple has never been known for its powerful gaming hardware, but these 10 awesome titles prove that gaming is more than possible on a MacBook.

BY KEITH LANGSTON
2 DAYS AGO




A decade ago, MacBooks were seen as great tools for artists and creators, but the hardware was terrible for gamers. However, as the years have gone on, Apple has realized that gaming is an important part of many people's lives, and they decided to integrate gaming into their wheelhouse.

RELATED:
Best Apple Gifts To Give During The Holidays

One of the biggest changes every Apple user has noticed over the last five years is that the Apple App Store is now loaded with games. From simple card games to intense RPG experiences, you can find pretty much whatever you're looking for. Best of all, games purchased through the App Store are guaranteed to be formatted to your Mac. Here are the 10 best games in the MacBook App Store.

10
Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 ($19.99)

The final installment of the popular Roller Coaster Tycoon games is now on the App Store for MacBooks. The game is a favorite for fans of strategy games as well as coaster enthusiasts. The added features that RCT3 brought to the series include the ability to ride your coasters, change camera angles, and have more freedom with the design of your track layouts. Also, yes, you can still turn your coasters into death traps that'll doom guests to a perilous ride they'll never forget.

9
Sim City ($19.99)

When the new Sim City launched, so many players were online at once that the system actually crashed. Since then, the game has been updated and modified to handle the number of players. It's the 21st game in the long-running series, and it's a favorite amongst gamers of all ages. Throughout the years, Sim City has also had numerous spinoff games, like the incredibly popular The Sims, along with others like Sim Theme Park, SimFarm, and more.

8
Star Chef (Free)

This highly-rated free game is a mix between Cooking Mama and a tycoon game in which players are tasked with running your own restaurant. The goal is to help the establishment grow, become profitable, and gain a reputation for impeccable food and service.

RELATED:
No Reservations And 9 Other Delicious Movies Where Food Is The Star

The game had previously been available for iPhone, but the increased screen size and better graphics has allowed gamers to take better control of their bustling enterprises. The game is currently ranked the #1 Strategy Game in the App Store.

7
BioShock Remastered ($19.99)

BioShock is known as one of the best games from the last 15 years, and it still has legions of fans. The game takes place in the city of Rapture, which was intended to be a utopia for "free thinkers," but instead turned into a dystopic terror. The game has been praised for its storyline and its ability to be an exciting action-adventure while simultaneously being a horror thriller.

6
Divinity: Original Sin 2 ($44.99)

Showing off the true gaming power that MacBooks now possess is Divinity: Original Sin 2. Set in the fantasy world of Rivellon, players in this RPG must combat evil forces that are invading from another dimension.

Upon release, the game won over 160 awards and was marked as an Apple 'Editor's Choice' in the App Store. The game's world is massive and allows for both online play and even split-screening, making it the perfect game to play with friends.

5
Nanuleu ($2.99)

Nanuleu is a minimalist fantasy that's like a mix between StarCraft and Plants vs. Zombies. Your goal is to grow more trees while also defending yourself against incoming enemies.

The game has been praised for its simplistic, pastel-driven design and its ability to combine complex gameplay in such a simple visual form. Fans of tower defense games will love playing Nanuleu, for sure.

4
Planet Coaster ($44.99)

Planet Coaster is more than just a roller coaster game. It's kind of like combing Roller Coaster Tycoon with Minecraft. In the game, you can design pretty much everything. You can create elaborate worlds and design coasters that defy physics. You can build roller coasters that go in and out of mountains, that soar through cities, or that are even in outer space. If you can dream it, you can build it in Planet Coaster.

3
Asphalt 9: Legends (Free)

Winning five awards and amassing more than 5,000 reviews giving this game a 4.7 out of 5 stars, Asphalt is a popular racing series that brings the arcade experience straight to your phone and computer. Asphalt 9: Legends is full of speed, airtime, and elaborately designed levels. It also lets you customize your car and race against friends. Best of all, it's free! It's the perfect way to live out your inner Fast & Furious fantasy.

2
Batman: Arkham City ($19.99)

Batman: Arkham City is seen as one of the best Batman games ever made. It was released to rave reviews, and the game's voices were performed by actors like Mark Hamill. The game centers around a new massive prison being built in Gotham City called Arkham City.

NEXT:
Mark Hamill: 10 Characters You Didn't Know Were Voiced By Him

The game took the ideas from the Batman franchise and mixed them with John Carpenter's classic movie Escape from New York. The App Store version comes complete with all six DLC packages included.

1
Civilization VI ($59.99)

Sid Meier's Civilization series is one of the most prominent gaming franchises ever. In this strategy game, players are tasked with creating a society from pre-history into the near future. Along the way, players must navigate societal changes, war, and the economy. The sixth installment of the series has the best graphics to date, new civilizations to control, tons of DLC, and more.