15 Best Xbox One First-Party Exclusives Ranked
The Xbox One may have eventually fallen behind in terms of exclusives, but the console was still home to a wealth of quality first-party titles.

BY HAYES MADSEN
5 DAYS AGO



1
Xbox One Best Exclusives of the Generation
With the arrival of the PS5 and Xbox Series X, the previous generation is starting to draw to a close. The Xbox One had a bit of an up and down trajectory, but the addition of Game Pass has made it a fantastic console.

Microsoft may not be known first and foremost for their exclusives, but that doesn't mean the Xbox One didn't have its fair share of memorable exclusive games. Microsoft kept Halo and Gears of War surging forward, but a handful of new IPs also came to the console over its lifetime.

RELATED: 
Xbox One: Best First-Person Shooters Of The Generation

Keep in mind, games like Cuphead and Ori and the Blind Forest don't qualify, since the titles moved to the Nintendo Switch. With that in mind, here are the best first-party Xbox One exclusives.

Continue Scrolling To Keep Reading
Click the button below to start this article in quick view.
Xbox One Best Exclusives of the Generation
START NOW
15. Crackdown 3
crackdown 3 multiplayer mode
Crackdown 3 was a game in limbo for years, mostly due to the game's ambitious ideas with cloud processing. It may not have hit the heights fans were hoping for, but Crackdown 3 still delivered plenty of fun with its destructive chaos. Players once again take control of a super-powered agent, combating the various criminal agencies and gangs that control the city of New Providence. There's certainly something cathartic about bounding over buildings and blowing things up, even if Crackdown 3 didn't live up to the hype it built before launch.

14. Quantum Break
Quantum Break Review
Quantum Break comes from the minds at Remedy, the studio responsible for Max Payne, Alan Wake, and more. It's a fascinating experiment that creates a hybrid between a game and a TV show. Quantum Break has a little too much ambition in the end, but it's still a unique experience unlike anything else. Players take control of Jack Joyce, a perfectly normal guy who gets wrapped up in a massive conflict involving the end of time itself. Joyce gains the power to control time, which plays directly into both puzzle-solving and combat. Each act of the game is broken up by a 20-minute live-action TV episode, that can change based on choices the player makes during gameplay segments. Stellar performances by actors like Shawn Ashmore and Lance Reddick only help to add a certain gravitas and weight to Quantum Break's story.

13. Killer Instinct
Killer Instinct Xbox One
Killer Instinct is a cult classic fighting series that finds its roots all the way back to the arcades of 1994. The series went quiet for nearly 15 years until Microsoft and Double Helix Games brought it back with a bang on Xbox One. Killer Instinct in 2013 is a reboot of the franchise, although it does have similar elements to previous games. The Xbox One game still has all the over-the-top absurdity fans expect, but it also makes it mechanics welcoming for newcomers to both the series and the fighting genre. Although not perfect by any means, Killer Instinct managed to strike a good balance between being accessible and having depth. The fighter received two more seasons of content up through 2016, which added on an even more diverse cast of characters and features.

RELATED: 
Biggest Gameplay Revolutions Of The PS4 & Xbox One Generation

12. State Of Decay 2

While Xbox might be best known for big triple-A experiences, it was also home to a host of smaller experiences as well. State of Decay 2, like its predecessor, is a survival-focused experience that tasks players with building a community and enduring hordes of zombies. The game uses roguelike design with its characters, as players will need to take survivors out to scavenger for supplies. If a character dies they're gone forever, and if the entire community is wiped out it's game over. State of Decay 2 can be a bit buggy and derivative at times, but for anyone looking for a post-apocalyptic survival experience, it's still a good time.

11. Halo Wars 2
Halo Wars 2 trailer battle
Halo Wars 2 carries on where the first game ended, with the crew of the Spirit of Fire waking up years later as the ship drifts toward The Ark. Landing on the installation puts the humans in direct conflict with an extremist faction of the Covenant, known as the Banished. Halo Wars 2 uses the same RTS style gameplay as the first one, but it tightens up the controls and adds on a host of new units and leader powers. The campaign in Halo Wars 2 does a great job of keeping missions varied, and its story has some big developments for fans of the series, especially seeing as Halo: Infinite will feature the Banished. On the multiplayer side, things are pretty standard, except for a new mode called Blitz. The mode merges collectible card games with traditional RTS, forcing players to collect resources to summon units with cards. Halo Wars 2 is superior in nearly every way to the first game, and an accessible RTS for those not familiar.

10. Grounded
Underwater Screenshot in Grounded
Grounded comes from the developers at Obsidian Entertainment, known for complex RPGs like The Outer Worlds and Pillars of Eternity. Shrinking down to the size of an ant, players need to survive the deadly wilderness of a backyard either solo or in a team. The idea is novel, and Grounded's survival gameplay creates a great loop for players to engage with. It's a bit light on content due to still being in Early Access, but Grounded is easily one of the most unique exclusives on Xbox One.

9. Deep Rock Galactic
Deep Rock Galactic Xbox One
Deep Rock Galactic is a co-op shooter in the same vein as Left 4 Dead, where players need to complete missions while battling a host of alien enemies. There are four different classes to choose from, but each map in Deep Rock Galactic is procedurally generated and layers in random missions, like having to steal a set of alien eggs. The classes play into each other nicely, and Deep Rock Galactic does a fantastic job of mixing up gameplay mechanics.

RELATED: 
Xbox One: Best RPG Games Of The Generation

8. Sea Of Thieves
Sea of Thieves Pirates
Sea of Thieves had a rocky start, but after years of updates and improvements, it's become something special. Exploration is at the heart of Sea of Thieves, with players dropped right into a colorful pirate world that they can explore at their leisure, alone or with crewmates. There's an intrinsic fun to gathering friends together and piloting a ship, whether players are successful at that or catastrophically fail. The amount of care that Rare has put into Sea of Thieves has made it a much more structured experience, but still, one that benefits from the unpredictability of other players.

7. Forza Motorsport 7
Forza Motorsport 7 race
The Xbox One has a ton of different Forza experiences, but Forza Motorsport 7 represents the most refined the main series has been yet. Graphically Forza 7 is simply stunning and features a wealth of truly jaw-dropping weather and lighting effects, all of which up the realism. On the gameplay front, there's an absurd amount of things to do, with hundreds of cars to collect and a nice variety of different tracks. Forza 7 doesn't alter a lot in terms of core gameplay mechanics, but it's one of the most robust packages out there for racing fans.

6. Gears Tactics
Gears Tactics Class Poses
Gears Tactics brings XCOM-style combat to the franchise, while still keeping that traditional Gears of War feel. Taking place one year after Emergence Day, players follow Alpha Squad in the height of the conflict with the Locust. Gears Tactics' combat is quite a bit faster than XCOM, and cover players just as much of a role as in the mainline Gears games. Battles require players to be strategic, but enemy AI also requires that players are aggressive and stay on the attack. Unfortunately, the game's story doesn't do anything incredible, but it still bears all the pomp and bombast the series is known for.

5. Halo 5: Guardians
Halo 5 Guardians, Master Chief and Blue Team
Halo 5: Guardians was divisive among fans, but it still represents one of the best multiplayer experiences available on the Xbox One. The campaign's story is a bit of a misstep, but it still provides fantastic co-op action with some serious set-piece moments. Halo 5's gunplay feels the best the series ever has, and a robust suite of multiplayer options are available to players. While the campaign plays things safe, 343 Industries took more of a risk with the multiplayer, especially the new Warzone mode. Halo's biggest multiplayer mode yet, Warzone has two teams of twelve going against each other and even throws AI enemies into the mix.

RELATED: 
Best Open World Games Of The Xbox One Generation

4. Halo: The Master Chief Collection
Halo Master Chief Collection Hero Image Optimized Xbox Series X
The Master Chief Collection is one of the most compelling packages in all of gaming, bundling together six fantastic games in one. With Halo 1-4, ODST, and Reach, there's plenty of content for shooter fans to get through with just campaigns alone. Just for the Master Chief Collection, Halo 2 was updated to Halo 2: Anniversary, giving the game a gorgeous facelift with some stunning cutscenes. The collection also gives players access to all of the multiplayer maps and modes from each Halo game, meaning there's an absolutely absurd amount of content. Even better is the fact that the Master Chief Collection is available to anyone that has an Xbox Games Pass subscription.

3. Forza Horizon 4
Forza Horizon 4
Forza Motorsport 7 may be the most visually impressive racing game on Xbox One, but in terms of quality, nothing beats Forza Horizon 4. This time players get to cruise around a gorgeous fictionalized version of Great Britain, in an open world absolutely brimming with things to do. It's truly just a pleasure to drive around the world, but there are also a wealth of activities and over 700 cars to collect. One of the more interesting aspects of the game lies in how different seasons affect races. For example, winter will freeze over parts of the world and make steering more difficult, but also open up paths to new parts of the world. Forza Horizon 4 represents the absolute pinnacle of the series so far, and it's received some fantastic updates since launch, like the imaginative LEGO Speed Champions.

2. Gears 5
Screenshot from Gears 5
Gears of War 4 was a soft reboot of the series, but Gears 5 feels much more like the fresh start it needed. Gears 5 easily has the best campaign in the entire franchise as it makes a serious effort to flesh out its characters and tell an impactful and relative narrative. The series' trademark gameplay has been refined to a sheen in Gears 5, and that especially shows in the game's multiplayer offerings. Versus and Horde mode provide all the visceral combat fans could want, while the new Escape mode provides a new thrill. The cracks of the series are still showing in Gears 5, but it's the most confident and ambitious Gears of War has felt in a long time.

1. Sunset Overdrive
Sunset Overdrive promo image
Sunset Overdrive is the kind of experience that can only come from Insomniac Games, a wild and irreverent game that lets players wreak havoc. The title takes place in Sunset City after a new energy drink has turned the population into hordes of mutants called OD. An incredibly self-aware game, Sunset Overdrive's biggest strength lies in its fantastic traversal and combat. Players can bounce off of objects in the world, slide on rails, air dash, and more. Staying on the move is essential to the game's combat and players can increase their damage by stringing together stylish combos. Sunset Overdrive is equal parts a celebration of video games and a parody of games. Insomniac's writing is top-notch, and there's a kind of exuberant stupidity that permeates every aspect of the game. It's a blast from start to finish, and one of the best experiences Xbox One owners can find.

The 10 Best Video Games of 2020
Clockwise from top left: Microsoft Flight Simulator; Animal Crossing; The Last of Us Part II; Spider Man: Miles Morales
Clockwise from top left: Microsoft Flight Simulator; Animal Crossing; The Last of Us Part II; Spider Man: Miles Morales Microsoft; Nintendo; Playstation (2)
BY PATRICK LUCAS AUSTIN , ELIANA DOCKTERMAN , PETER ALLEN CLARK AND ALEX FITZPATRICK NOVEMBER 20, 2020 9:43 AM EST
In a bizarre, unsettling, and oftentimes downright frightening year, video games became a port of refuge for many—be they longtime gamers, old-school veterans picking the controller back up after a break, or first-timers looking for a novel way to safely have fun or connect with friends during pandemic lockdowns. It’s a small blessing, then, that it was also a banner year for excellent games to play.

Here are TIME’s best video games of 2020, according to our group of resident gamers. Also read TIME’s lists of the 10 best fiction books of 2020 and the 100 must-read books of 2020.

10. Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 1+2

Nostalgia is big business right now, but reworking old joy rarely delivers that original thrill. Enter Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 1 + 2. Against all odds, this remake recaptures the magic of these early aughts skateboarding games while refreshing them for modern consoles and audiences. Playing these games unlocks long-forgotten muscle memory, the hunger for high scores and the itch to jump on a skateboard—not to mention comfort during a difficult year. —Peter Allen Clark

Available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC

9. Fall Guys

What happens when you combine the minigame mania of Mario Party with the battle royale, lose-and-you’re-out pressure of Fortnite? Fall Guys, that’s what. Its delightfully simple multiplayer mayhem was a welcome reprieve during our pandemic summer, and the fact that players often need to cooperate to secure individual victory belies a deeper message than its cartoonish stylings might suggest. Moreover, like Animal Crossing, it’s a welcome repudiation of the idea that games need to be hard to be enjoyable—they need only be fun. —Alex Fitzpatrick

Available on PlayStation and PC

8. Microsoft Flight Simulator

Microsoft’s Flight Simulator series has been the definitive virtual piloting experience for nearly 40 years, inspiring many players to pursue real-world flight training while offering a taste of the skies to countless more. The latest entrant in the series continues that proud tradition, combining true-to-life flight physics, downright gorgeous graphics and the most realistic facsimile of planet Earth to ever grace a video game for a must-play experience. Challenge yourself to some of the hardest commercial jet takeoffs or landings the world has to offer, or putt-putt over your hometown in a slow-moving Cub, marveling at the view—the choice is yours. —Alex Fitzpatrick

Available on PC; an Xbox version is in development

7. Call of Duty: Warzone

A free add-on to 2019’s Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, Warzone is a Fortnite-style battle royale shooter, with just enough original ideas to feel fresh. Most Fortnite clones have come up short, but Warzone’s systems, strategies and progressions provided dozens and dozens of hours of distraction as we adjusted to spending more time at home during lockdown. And developer Infinity Ward has continued to support the experience with robust seasons, map changes and new ways to play this intense, addictive game. —Peter Allen Clark

Available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC

6. Ori and the Will of the Wisps
Ori and the Will of the Wisps E3 2017 4K Teaser Trailer
SharePlay Video
The much-anticipated sequel to Moon Studios’ Ori and the Blind Forest does exactly what a sequel should, building on its predecessor’s foundation to create a more complex, more colorful and bigger world. In the game’s prelude, Ori and a host of other adorable characters adopt and raise a baby owl. But tragedy strikes when Ori and the baby bird are separated. The player then traverses a gorgeously-rendered landscape and solves a series of wicked little puzzles in a heart-wrenching reunification quest. The sheer scale of the game compared to its predecessor means some details get lost in the mix, like the player easily missing some important skills. But the challenges demand creativity and the backdrop inspires awe. —Eliana Dockterman

Available on Nintendo Switch, Xbox, PC

5. Animal Crossing: New Horizons
Animal Crossing: New Horizons | Official Trailer
SharePlay Video
The unofficial game of springtime pandemic lockdowns, Animal Crossing: New Horizons is the latest entry in Nintendo’s long-running life simulator franchise. This time, you’re dropped on an island where you (and a few anthropomorphic animal residents) set out to construct a community—and pay off your debt to the cheeseparing capitalist raccoon-dog that brought you there. When you’re not building items for your home, you can enjoy New Horizons’ huge community of players partying, playing the turnip-powered “stalk market,” and even hosting talk shows all on their own custom-made virtual islands. —Patrick Lucas Austin

Available on Nintendo Switch

4. Among Us
Among Us Steam Release Trailer
SharePlay Video
Deception is the name of the game in Among Us, a kind of digital Clue in which you’re tasked with “sussing” out the impostor on your starship. Some players, called “Crewmates,” are assigned to minigame-style repair jobs around the ship, while the “Impostor” sets out to quietly disrupt and kill the Crewmates. Suspicious of someone? Call a meeting to discuss who might be an Impostor, then vote to throw them into the cold vacuum of space—just be careful, because you could be wrong. Among Us’ childish, hand-drawn looks and PG-rated violence evoke early web games, and its spike in popularity among younger gamers has led high-profile figures like U.S. congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to use the game as a platform to meet voters where they’re at. Part social deduction, part mob rule, Among Us may have been released back in 2018, but it’s no wonder why it’s found widespread popularity this year. —Patrick Lucas Austin

Available on iOS, Android, PC

3. Last of Us Part II
The Last of Us Part II – Release Date Reveal Trailer – PS4
SharePlay Video
The post-apocalyptic The Last of Us Part II takes a lot of big swings that will surprise, frustrate and even enrage many players—but they are thought-provoking risks. The sequel follows Ellie, all grown up and still immune to the virus that has transformed much of humanity into zombies, as she struggles with the consequences of a morally dubious decision made by her father figure Joel in the first game. Ellie is often on her own, which is a shame since creator Naughty Dog has historically excelled at building relationships through banter in both The Last of Us and the Uncharted series. But her loneliness serves a greater story: as Ellie loses human connection and becomes obsessed with vengeance, her enemies simultaneously evolve into more human figures. With sympathies divided, the player is faced with a series of devastating moral quandaries. The end will sit with you for months, if not years, to come. —Eliana Dockterman

Available on PlayStation

2. Spider-Man: Miles Morales
Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales Launch Trailer
SharePlay Video
When you think of Spider-Man, you might be thinking of a nerdy white guy called Peter Parker. But there’s a second webslinger in New York, and this time he’s grabbing the mic and taking center stage. Spider-Man: Miles Morales expands on the 2018 hit Spider-Man, putting you in the shoes of the titular Black-Puerto Rican teen after he moves from Brooklyn to Harlem, protecting the city while his mentor is on vacation. The game captures the feeling of zipping from building to building and fighting criminals in a wintery New York as Morales navigates the heartbreak of an evolving friendship, his relationship with his mother, and his new mandate to keep Harlem (and the rest of the city) safe from evildoers. —Patrick Lucas Austin

Available on PlayStation

1. Hades

So-called “Rogue-like” games, which focus on difficulty, replayability and repeated deaths, have been in vogue for the past decade, but Hades marks the sub-genre’s highest peak yet. In this spectacular run-based game, players take on the role of Hades’ son Zagreus as he attempts to escape the Greek underworld, battling notable heroes and receiving support from the whole of the Pantheon. The art is stellar, the varied combat is delightful and the progression systems are inspired. Hades reinvents how a story can unfold in a game meant to be played over and over again. —Peter Allen Clark

Available on Nintendo Switch, MacOS, and PC

The 10 best games to play for an audience
© Innersloth
Want something you can stream for an audience or play for your friends? We’ve compiled a list of some of the best games to play for a crowd of any size.
By Molly GattPublished on 11/20/2020 · 8:00 PM IST
Whether it's millions of viewers tuned into an esports event or a few friends watching you play on the couch, gaming has always attracted some sort of audience. Some games, like the ones you will see on this list, are new and trending and others have been around for years and maintain a strong following. They vary in price, content and art styles and, more likely than not, you will find something new which you can bring to a future gathering or Twitch stream.
1. Among Us

This multiplayer whodunnit came from humble beginnings but has skyrocketed in popularity, becoming a fan favourite for gamers of all skill levels to enjoy. The premise is that parasitic shapeshifters known as Impostors have infiltrated your spaceship, posing as Crewmates, in an attempt to take everyone out before you reach your destination. You play as either an Impostor, trying to kill the entire crew undetected, or as a Crewmate, completing your tasks and trying to vote out the Impostors before it's too late.
This game is free on mobile and inexpensive on Steam, so it’s accessible for pretty much everyone. What’s appealing about this game is that it appears simple on the exterior but, in reality, it involves quite a bit of strategy. Your audience can also point out things you might not have noticed so there’s an extra level of interactivity for them. Among Us currently has one of the biggest audiences on Twitch.
RELATED

6 great indie fighting games you should try
There’s more to fighting games than big AAA esports titles. These player vs player affairs may be under your radar, but they’re definitely worth your time.
2. Pokemon Sword and Shield

Pokemon has always attracted an audience. Ever since the early days of taking your Game Boy out at recess to play Pokemon Red or Blue with your friends watching from over your shoulder. The newest titles, Sword and Shield are just as much fun to watch now that there are so many pokemon to catch, places to explore and game modes to participate in.
The DLC packs, The Isle of Armor, which released in June, and The Crown Tundra, which came out in late October, have kept the newest Pokemon games relevant in the streaming world. These expansion passes offer brand new stories, Pokemon and Wild Areas to explore. Even new and returning Legendaries make an appearance in these DLC packs.
3. Phasmophobia

This co-op psychological horror game is a new release and has gained quite the following for it’s unique take on a classic genre. You play as a team of ghost hunters who have to prove the existence of the supernatural before they can send in the ghost removal team. To do this you will use various ghost hunting equipment, teamwork and as much courage as you can muster to record your evidence.
What makes this game great for an audience is the level of horror and how immersive the experience is. The sounds and graphics are pretty realistic and the ghosts can be very unpredictable since they change every game. There is even a VR element, if you have the necessary set up, which adds that much more horror for the player and hilarity for the audience.
4. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild

Breath of the Wild was released alongside the Nintendo Switch March 2017 and took people’s breath away with how stunning and diverse this open world adventure game looked and played. With so much to do and so many places to explore, people are still playing it and streaming it to keep showing love to, arguably, one of the greatest Zelda games ever made.
With the release of Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity, which poses as a prequel to Breath of the Wild, as well as speculation on when the sequel to BOTW will be released, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild will remain relevant for years to come so there will always be an audience for it.
5. Jackbox Party Packs

The Jackbox Party Packs are a batch of fun party games that participants can play using their phones, making it convenient for almost everyone. There are currently seven different installations of Jackbox Games so there’s a lot of variety in the types of games you can play for your audience. There’s drawing, trivia, dating, rapping, stand up comedy and so much more and your audience can help vote who they think the winners are so it's interactive for them too.
This game was built for streaming. These games allow for eight players and up to 10,000 audience members. You could just be solely a Jackbox streamer. If you build a following and make a regular schedule, there’s a good chance you’ll likely always have an audience. There is always the possibility you’ll have trolls that will try to turn your stream negative so best to leave an age warning on your stream or a solid mod squad to kick out players that don't follow the rules or act inappropriately.
6. Old School RuneScape

Old School RuneScape has been one of the biggest retro styled MMOs since its release in 2013. Players start off with a basic plain character but with enough time spent fighting and leveling up, they can become a force to be reckoned with. This game is free, so tons of other people are playing online with you and are all trying to have a great adventure. So there’s a good chance you’ll make friends throughout your journey.
The community has a pretty big impact on how the game is developed and expanded, so the fans are very strong. As a result, players who want to stream this game will likely have a lot of support from the Old School RuneScape community that tune in to their streams. It’s also a very relaxing game to play, if you want to spend all your time fishing and cooking you can, and your audience might be into it too.
RELATED

7 Tips for getting started as a streamer
While the idea of streaming can be an exciting prospect, getting your head around everything to actually get going can be a little overwhelming.
7. Hades

This newer release is one of the highest rated indie games out and is attracting quite a bit of attention on Twitch. In this Greek mythology inspired title, you play as Zagreus, the son of Hades, who dreams of meeting his family in Olympus, but is forced to stay in the Underworld by his father.
Zagreus decides to leave home and break out of the Underworld using weapons, trinkets, and blessings from his extended family to hack and slash his way out of his father’s domain. Audiences will enjoy watching this game as a casual playthrough since it's relatively new and beautifully drawn, just as much as watching more experienced players try to speedrun or play the game with added challenges from the Pact of Punishment.
8. Valorant

This team-based, tactical first person shooter from Riot Games has gained quite the following since its release. Participants play as skilled fighters from the future, known as Agents, who come from all parts of the world and possess unique abilities and fashion choices. Agents operate in teams of five and play as either the defending or attacking team for multiple rounds.
Valorant released June of 2020 and immediately became a popular title, drawing attention away from audiences of similar games like Overwatch and CS:GO. It’s also free-to-play, making it friendly for new players that want a game they can easily break into. Those that get good can play for audiences who either want to learn how to get better themselves or want to watch competitive gameplay as esports fans.
RELATED

How to be a good teammate in Valorant
Topping the leaderboard isn’t always enough in Valorant. If you want to start winning more, you have to be a good teammate. Here are some tips to help you be a better contributor.
9. Genshin Impact

This action role-playing game is turning heads with its beautiful game design that has people wondering how they could possibly be able to get such a high quality game for free. Genshin Impact has a huge fantasy open world environment and a great combat and story to boot. News about this title has spread quickly with lots of people tuning in to Twitch to see what all the fuss is about.
As the saying goes, if it’s too good to be true it probably is. Genshin Impact uses a gacha game monetization system in order for players to obtain new weapons, characters and other resources. Game developers do have to make their money somehow, though. At least they’ve given us a great title for us to try and share with our peers even if it might just be a passing trend.
RELATED

20 terms you should know to get into League of Legends
The terms, acronyms, phrases, and slang words that are a must-know for any League of Legends player
10. League of Legends

League of Legends is a multiplayer online battle arena video game that took the world by storm in 2009 and hasn’t let up. Developed by Riot Games, it’s considered by many as the world’s largest esport. The audience for this title is huge, seen by this year’s League World Championship reaching a peak viewership of 3.8 million people.
League has been strong for many years and is almost always in the top 10 for streams on Twitch, no matter the time or day. It's no surprise that, with the sophisticated lore, unique champions and regular updates to the game, League is the obvious choice for players that want to attract a large and faithful audience. Some people strictly only stream League of Legends and are able to make money from it, but they did have to grind to get there so it’s mostly for those that are serious about the game.