The 10 best games of the decade
© Nintendo
From blockbusters to indies, the past 10 years have seen gamers spoilt for choice with classic titles of all shapes and sizes. Here’s our pick of the decade’s finest.
By Ben Sillis and Jamie Hunt-StevensonPublished on 12/11/2019 · 7:07 PM IST
A lot can happen in a decade. The 2010s saw the indie scene blossom into the brilliant behemoth it is now, turning out incredible titles on an almost weekly basis, while console giants dropped truly game-changing platforms (bless you, Switch), while testing the power of these platforms to deliver experiences that once would have seemed impossible in their scale and ambition.
We can only hope that the next 10 years are as fruitful as the last, but for now, we raise a glass to the 2010s, and champion our favourite games of the decade – in no particular order.
RELATED

These are the 10 best games of 2019
2019 has been an excellent year for games, so here’s our pick of the top titles of the last 12 months.

The best ways to waste time in The Witcher 3
When witchering and wooing NPCs finally gets dull, take up these virtual hobbies instead.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
(CD Projekt Red, PC, PS4, Xbox One, Switch)

Sometimes sequels are derivative. Sometimes they’re iterative. For CD Projekt Red, it took three goes at making a game around Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski’s series of fantasy novels to stick the landing. The first two games are forgettable, arguably even unplayable now, but the third? Oh boy.
Where do we start? Is it the vast, beautifully realised open world to explore? The deep combat, the fearsome foes? Is it the side quests that don’t actually feel like an afterthought, but an extension of the central story? Is it the card battler Gwent, the greatest in-game game ever made (So good in fact, it received its own multiplayer spin-off)? Is it the two absolutely massive DLC installments that are as essential as the game itself?
The Witcher 3 was ostensibly the conclusion of the story of Geralt, a super-powered soldier who also likes to have sex in strange places. But really, The Witcher 3 was the first triple A blockbuster built from the ground up for the (then) new generation of consoles, the first to show us that open world roleplaying games could be as polished as they were epic in scope (looking at you Bethesda). It was a bold, incredibly expensive gamble, one that paid off, for Projekt Red, gamers and the industry as a whole many times over. While Netflix have striven to make clear their new fantasy series is based on the original Witcher books, make no mistake, it’s this game that’s put the franchise on the cultural map, the reason that show exists. Do yourself a favour and find out why – it’s even out on Nintendo Switch now, so you’ve really got no excuse.
Celeste
(Matt Makes Games, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC)

This incredible twitch platformer from Matt Makes Games blends incredibly tight controls with stunning, pixel-rich visuals and a deeply lovely soundtrack, but that’s really only scratching the surface of what makes the game great. Climbing the titular mountain as teen Madeleine, each short stage represents a litany of challenges to overcome, only to be tested afresh once you finally draw breath and finish the level.
You’ll die, a lot, but it doesn’t seem to matter – embracing each failure and learning from them, the immense satisfaction Celeste offers is from taking something that, at some points, you feel could genuinely be impossible, and mastering it just a few (or a few dozen) tries later. Marry this with a sweet, heartfelt story with a great deal to say about mental health and self-acceptance, and Celeste becomes as surprising and moving an experience as it is a testing one. If you’ve not scaled the mountain yet, we really don’t know what you’re waiting for.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
(Nintendo, Switch)

Where to start with a game that not only warrants a spot on this list, but has a genuine claim to the title of GOAT? It’s easy to shower BOTW with superlatives which barely touch upon why it’s such a joy. Yes, its scale is immense, and yes, the ambition is huge, and yes, its world is sprawling and beautiful and on and on. But the Switch’s flagship release deserves better than descriptors that can be issued to any number of open world adventures – mainly because it’s so much more than that.
Open world games all offer their claims of freedom, so much so that BOTW seemingly defies description simply because it truly does deliver what has now become a cliché. In BOTW, you’re given so much freedom, that very few gaming experiences can even come close. Want to go climb that enormous mountain? Knock yourself out. Fancy wearing a monster’s head to infiltrate their squad? Sure! Interested in trying to fight the final boss from the very beginning of the game? You can even do that!
In fact, it’s worth skipping discussions of the plot (OK, fine: get to the castle, free the princess), to instead touch upon the unique joys of BOTW, like being dropped into a landscape with no weaponry, no clothes and no clue – and simply being told to get on your way and sort things out for yourself. Or the sense of achievement when you throw on that warm doublet and take to icy peaks in search of the glowing warmth of a shrine. Or the sheer life-affirming joy of standing atop a tower, seeing something vast and stunning and mysterious way, way in the distance, and just thinking, ‘OK, let’s go’, before launching yourself towards it, and never being sure what you’ll see or achieve on your way.
In a genre teeming with open worlds, none have felt as open as Breath of the Wild. Put simply: we’ve never had it this good.
The Last of Us
(Naughty Dog, PS3, PS4)

Mention the names Ellie and Joel to the right audience and chances are you’ll be greeted with a flood of emotion usually reserved for a popular family member’s funeral. Such is the narrative skill, character building and emotional heft of Naughty Dog’s 2013 classic, The Last of Us.
You almost certainly know the story already, but if you’ve somehow avoided it, TLOU sees you take on the role of Joel, a beardy sadsack (OK, with good reason) tasked with escorting a young Ellen Page-alike across the post-apocalyptic U.S. in a bid to find a cure for an epidemic which turned the majority of the population into frankly disgusting monsters (we’re looking at you, Clickers).
While this may be a story now well-worn in modern pop culture, the warmth of the writing and sheer affection for these damaged characters makes The Last of Us so much more than just another post-apocalyptic adventure. It also plays brilliantly – mixing stealth and brutal combat to express the desperation of the protagonists’ actions, but this almost feels like an aside for what is a true feat of storytelling, in any medium.
Portal 2
(Valve, PC, Mac, PS3, Xbox 360)
A screenshot of Portal 2
Find your way in Portal 2
© VALVE
The cake may be a lie, but it’s an important one. Portal 2 might just be the smartest game of the decade. It’s certainly one of the funniest. Valve took the polish it always brings and mixed it with the witty, charming style it was also once known for to come up with quite the most delightful puzzle game of all time. The first game’s central gimmick is just as appealing as ever: you can fire portals that appear on walls for you, or cubes, or paint, or cakes, to teleport through. But this time the puzzles, the plot and the jokes escalate to new heights, and depths, and heights again, and sometimes rapidly alternates between the two depending on where you’ve placed your portals. And when you’re done, the fantastic co-op mode is there waiting for you.
In retrospect, what made Portal 2’s impact so bittersweet was that, despite the critical acclaim the game received, it also marked the end of Valve’s interest in narrative led singleplayer games, pivoting as it did to focus on its multiplayer hits and its Steam download service instead. As good as these are, what we wouldn’t do for Portal 3 right now. Perhaps Valve’s recent announcement of the VR-exclusive Half-Life: Alyx marks the start of another new chapter in the company’s history. Good things come in threes, right?
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
(Bethesda, PC, PS3, Xbox 360, PS4, Xbox One, Switch)
A screenshot of a clash in Skyrim
Swords clash in Skyrim
© BETHESDA
The single player game on this list that we’ve sunk more time into this decade than any other, Skyrim is now slightly dated looking, somewhat janky, but remains glorious. Its open ended fantasy story, the flexibility it allows you with characters, all the dragons you get to kill; it’s the sort of game that lures you into its many systems until one day your significant other comes home and finds that you’ve neglected to do the real world chores in favour of getting better at virtual smithying. But what would they know? Armour bonus is life.
It’s probably not fair to Skyrim to simply put it in our best games of the decade list. Perhaps more than any other game in this list, even the multiplayer ones, it’s more than that: it’s a way of life. It’s a meme generator (Remember “Arrow in the knee?” “Fus ro dah”? Good times). It’s a time sink. It’s the game you go to whenever you’re stuck for anything else. You finished the main story years ago, but that’s not even the point. You explore. You replay. You potter. You install a new mod and play it. You mod it yourself. It’s all things to all people. It’s also available on every platform under the sun at this point, so if you haven’t rolled yourself a khajit archer already, what on Tamriel are you waiting for?
The Witness
(Thekla, PC, Mac, PS4, Xbox One, iOS, Android)
A screenshot of a house from The Witness
Ready for some brain teasers?
© THEKLA
The Witness is so simple, and yet, so fiendishly difficult. You stride around a compact, Myst-style island, solving puzzles on grids by drawing a line from start to finish, which sounds almost boring, but with each passing puzzle indie auteur Jonathan Blow and his team rip up the rules and your expectations, until suddenly you’re hours in, have ploughed through an entire notepad of graph paper (Be warned, you’ll need a few reams) and are starting to see grids and lines everywhere, even the sky.
The Witness makes our best games of the decade list though for being something even more than this. It’s Blow’s answer (as well as story consultant Tom Bissell’s) to the discourse around video game narratives. Neither are happy with how the medium has handled them until now, as wraparound for gameplay, endlessly copying cinematic tropes: The Witness is something brave, different, tangential. Something best left inferred. There actually is a story, but we’re not going to tell you where. Just be sure to complete the game’s second, secret ending for one of the most breathtakingly pretentious – and inspired – finale videos in any video game ever.
Inside
(Playdead, PC, PS4, Xbox One, iOS, Switch)
A screenshot from the underwater section of Inside
Escape the horror of Inside
© PLAYDEAD
Had Playdead’s previous game, Limbo, released just a few months earlier, it would have been a surefire candidate for lists like this 10 years ago. Its impact when it landed on Xbox Live on 2010 was immediate, igniting the thriving indie scene still going strong today.
The reclusive studio’s 2016 followup, Inside, is on paper very similar game: you guide a nameless character through a monochromatic world, solving puzzles and avoiding being killed by guard dogs, shot or blown up. But Inside is somehow thematically much more ambitious, a 2D puzzle-platformer that transcends its genre and setting, moving from merely creepy into something absolutely extraordinary by the end of its several hours of playtime. Too say much more will spoil it, but suffice to say you will be put through the ringer of emotions along the way (but mostly scared silly).
A note of caution: If you start this game, you absolutely must see it through to the finish. On no account should you give up on it before reaching the ending. You’ll see.
Soma
(Frictional Games, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC, Mac)

Horror comes in all shapes and sizes. Something like Until Dawn offers jump-y, cat-leaping-out-of-a-cupboard horror that’s purely focused on spiking your adrenalin (and ace for it). There’s the doom-laden oppression of the Silent Hill series, pushing the boundaries of discomfort in all its psychosexual glory. And then there’s Soma. Soma is unquestionably terrifying. The elevator pitch makes it sound a bit like BioShock bred with Frictional Games’ previous effort, Amnesia. After a brief prelude, you’re plunged into a dilapidated underwater facility, seemingly overrun with insane robots. We’ll stop there to avoid spoilers, but it’s fair to say, that what follows is perhaps one of the most surprising, horrifying, and morally challenging game narratives of recent times.
Practically helpless against your robotic foes, the sneak-and-hide gameplay offers sweaty-palmed tension in abundance, but what gives this the edge over its genre mates is its willingness to frighten through asking the player questions they’d really rather not answer. How far would you go to escape an inescapable situation? What do you consider it is to be human? And how do you justify actions that may challenge this? It’s a tough, complex game that fits a great deal into its short running time, and as your character searches for any one of a way out, the truth, or a semblance of hope, you’ll realise how few titles there are quite like Soma. Oh, and if the ending doesn’t keep you awake at night ­– well, perhaps you’re less human than you think. Dive in.
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
(Valve, Hidden Path, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PC, Mac)
A screenshot from Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Fight fire with fire in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
© VALVE
Counter-Strike has been the connoisseur’s choice for online shooters since its arrival 20 years ago, with the original’s mix of brilliantly simple set-up (terrorists vs counter terrorists, GO), superbly-designed maps and nail-biting combat built upon and refined with each passing instalment. This perhaps reached its apex with its fourth iteration in 2012’s Global Offensive, which delivered some of the best levels multiplayer FPS games have ever seen, introduced brilliant new modes in Arms Race and Demolition, and tweaked existing and introduced new weaponry to bring even greater intensity to firefights. Its establishment as an esports phenomenon only furthers its case for being one of the best multiplayer shooters of the decade, and perhaps ever.

The best Assassin’s Creed games, ranked from worst to best
© Ubisoft
A definitive look at the hood, the bad, and the ugly
By Louise BlainPublished on 10/12/2020 · 5:09 PM IDT
Ranking the best Assassin’s Creed games is a bit like sneaking into a castle of Templars with a set of poison darts and a hidden blade; you’re always going to upset someone. But that’s not going to stop us. The hooded franchise has evolved massively over the last decade, delivering yearly sprawling playgrounds so big that it was a relief when Ubisoft decided to take a year break after Odyssey. But who reigns supreme? Ezio? Kassandra? Arno? Connor? Ahem…
It’s important to note that this list only includes the main entries in the series. The side-scrolling AC Chronicles trilogy, PSP-only Bloodlines, and Assassin’s Creed: Freedom Cry are all incognito delights in their own ways, but this ranking is for the heavy hitters only. So pop your hood up, whistle your horse, or just settle into your closest flowerbed as we run down the best Assassin’s Creed games.
RELATED

5 things we want to see in Assassin’s Creed Valhalla
Grab your axe, here’s what we need in AC’s Viking adventure

The 10 best weapons in Assassin's Creed Odyssey
Survive ancient Greece by arming yourself with the most legendary weapons.



How Assassin’s Creed Odyssey’s combat will bring out your inner Spartan
One of the more contentious systems in Assassin’s Creed Origins was combat. Looking to replicate timing-sensitive Souls-style action, it didn’t quite hit that mark. Odyssey, however, antes up…
12. Assassin’s Creed 3: Liberation
AC-Liberation
Liberation was hindered by its reliance on changing clothes
© UBISOFT
On paper – or, well, website – Assassin’s Creed Liberation has it all. 18th century New Orleans.... The same tree running and crunchy dual wield combat as AC3…. The French-African Aveline de Grandpré as our first playable female Assassin… So why is it sitting at the bottom of the haypile? Well, Liberation’s setting is a treat but little else is. The story limps along and a frustrating wardrobe change mechanic forces Aveline out of her stabby roof running clothes and into other guises. One of which, complete with a restrictive corset and floor length skirt, means she can’t run or climb. Y’know, just the central conceits that make the series so much fun in the first place. Sorry Aveline, we love your machete and blow pipe though.
11. Assassin’s Creed
Assassins-Creed
Assassin's Creed laid the foundations for everything to come
© UBISOFT
Ah, where it all began. Patrice Désilets and Jade Raymond’s 2008 original hooded baby is the template for everything that came after. Yes, that was a terrible ‘Those Who Came Before’ pun. The first AC introduced the lore, the hidden blade, sprawling cities, and plenty of absurdly tall things to clamber up with the glum Altair. And, yet, while all of those things are present, look back now and this is a mere testing ground for the rest of the series. Like the murder-y iconic White Room you take your assassination targets when it’s time to wave goodbye, this open world feels like a minimalist AC experience. Throw in the unlikeable protagonist and all those flags to collect and it’s a good thing it only went up from here.
10. Assassin’s Creed 3
AC3
Assassin's Creed 3 made up for its boring protagonist with its world
© UBISOFT
Poor Assassin’s Creed 3 was always going to have a fight on its hands back in 2012. It was the first Ezio-free entry in the series after Mr. Auditore da Firenze’s three part swan song. No pressure then. Unfortunately, Ratonhaké:ton, also known as Connor, is an uncharismatic grump as he battles his way through the American Revolutionary War. But all isn’t lost. The step away from the Ezio Trilogy added a slew of features still lurking in the shadows of the series today. AC3 was the first to have ships and naval combat, wildlife to hunt, running through trees, crafting, and even the building of a settlement. A narrative bait and switch at the start of the game stings as you spend six hours actually just becoming an Assassin but ignore Connor’s mood swings and this is actually the teenage stage of the franchise itself. With really satisfying combat animations.
9. Assassin’s Creed Unity
AC-unity
Exploring the streets of Paris is always a delight (if you ignore the bugs)
© UBISOFT
There’s no denying it. You’re already thinking about the endless flowing hair worthy of a L'Oréal ad and floating eyeballs. Despite quickly patching out some catastrophic Day One bugs, Unity has gone down in history as a glitch in the franchise. But, and you knew a but was coming, there’s still plenty to enjoy in Revolutionary Paris with Arno Dorian. Ignore the brave but misguided addition of co-op and the streets of Paris are truly beautiful. Plus, Unity was the first in the series to approach assassination missions with what it called ‘black boxes.’ These are innovative Hitman-style closed missions where you can choose between multiple distraction options in pursuit of your deadly goal. And hey – or hay – building a theatre as a home base is actually quite a lot of fun.
8. Assassin’s Creed Rogue
AC-Rogue
Rogue is perhaps the most under-rated Assassin's Creed title
© UBISOFT
Probably the least-played of all the Creeds, Rogue was initially released as a PS3 and Xbox 360 exclusive as the next generation got to go on holiday to the home of the guillotine. But there are plenty of reasons to give its remastered version a shot. For one, it’s a chillier version of Black Flag, full of icebergs and creaking ships as Shay Cormac sails AC3’s Hudson River Valley and the chilly North Atlantic under the Northern Lights. Rogue’s story is short but it’s actually one of the boldest in the series to date as Shay switches his allegiance from Assassin to Templar. This means the tense addition of those hooded monsters constantly trying to murderise you and leads to one of the best crossover endings the franchise has ever seen.
7. Assassin’s Creed: Revelations
AC-Revelations
Revelations sees out Ezio's tenure as a main character in style
© UBISOFT
Aha, the first of the Ezio Trilogy to arrive on this list. Everyone’s favourite Master Assassin’s final outing is a trip to Constantinople on a quest to find the keys to Altair’s Assassin library. Older and wiser than the impudent young man we first met in Florence, Ezio proves that you can teach an old dog new tricks as he gets a hookblade for speeding across ziplines and a whole new set of bombs that really upset Byzantine guards. Revelations didn’t reinvent the AC wheel and we’ll ignore the tacked on tower defence section to Assassin dens, but Ezio’s story remains magical. Jesper Kyd’s final AC score as he passed the baton to Lorne Balfe is an atmospheric treat that makes a perfect companion to the beautiful streets and rooftops of Constantinople. Oh, and the ending is an absolute kick in the feels.
6. Assassin’s Creed: Brotherhood
AC-Brotherhood
The Borgias make excellent villains in Assassin's Creed Brotherhood
© UBISOFT
The second in Ezio’s trilogy, should, by rights, never have been this satisfying. Moving the action to an enormous Rome, Brotherhood doesn’t change much from Assassin’s Creed 2’s formula but just delivers more of what everyone loved the first time around. The addition of Borgia Towers to (which you can satisfyingly explode) adds even more variety to the already pleasant pick-and-mix of side quests, and even riding through the city streets is a perfect way to take in the sights and irritate guards. Further proof that Rome wasn’t built in a day, the constant rebuilding of landmarks with cold hard cash is a perfect replacement for those who miss Monteriggioni. The story, too, is constantly entertaining, with the Borgias making brilliantly camp true villains. Eagle dive back in and you won’t be disappointed.
5. Assassin’s Creed Syndicate
AC-Syndicate
You can cause panic on the streets of London in Assassin's Creed Syndicate
© UBISOFT
Before everyone donned their horny hats and beards, Victorian London was top of every AC fans wishlist, meaning that Syndicate had a lot to live up to. Thankfully Jacob and Evie Frye, gang leaders and master Assassins to boot, make for entertaining bloodthirsty guides through the grimy workhouse-packed world of Charles Dickens and Queen Victoria. Somehow Alexander Graham Bell found time around inventing the telephone to craft the ludicrously satisfying rope launcher for the twins, making the climbing of the London skyline considerably more Spidey-esque. Exploring the capital with Austin Wintory’s score is a delight as you steal carriages and hurtle through the streets with police on your tail, and there’s nothing quite like annihilating London’s goons with the iconic cane sword. Syndicate also gets points alone for having a moving steam train hideout constantly chugging around the map.
4. Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag
AC-Black-Flag
Black Flag feels more like a pirate adventure than an Assassin's Creed game
© UBISOFT
We all have our guilty pleasure combo movies. Freddy vs Jason. Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus. But when it comes to Pirates vs Assassin’s Creed, thankfully Black Flag is far more than a guilty pleasure. This swashbuckling Caribbean journey with the roguish Edward Kenway is a glorious rum-soaked adventure. Endless pistols, swords, cannon, deserted lonely islands, and the famous pirates of the day mean that Edward’s birth as an Assassin feels like a brilliant dream. Ignore the campaign, set sail and see where the wind takes you. Adventures in a diving bell, whale hunting, buried treasure, getting drunk at bars, it’s all here for the taking. And annihilating ship after ship and claiming their crew and parts never feels less than a truly fist pumping achievement. A not so buried treasure.
3. Assassin’s Creed Origins
AC-Origins
Assassin's Creed Origins rewrote the playbook for the series
© UBISOFT
There’s something fascinating about Ancient Egypt. Whether you’re enthralled by the building of the pyramids or darkly obsessed with the removal of the brain with a hook via a nostril, this is a historical period seared into most of our minds since childhood. Origins had a lot to live up to, but our introduction to Bayek and the beginnings of the Assassins as a whole was the dawning of a new era for the franchise. There isn’t the choice of Odyssey but weapon upgrades, quests, a pet eagle to scout out the land, and a new combat style upgraded the entire AC experience. Ducking and rolling away from significantly more aggressive enemies is compelling, and climbing those aforementioned pyramids, complete with gold tips, is Assassin catnip. Bayek’s journey too is a heartfelt one – but yet again, it’s the world it’s wrapped up in that truly elevates Origins. Egypt is no mere sandy playground. Cities, deserts, lush grassland and the Nile itself means you can lose yourself for hours.
2. Assassin’s Creed Odyssey
AC-Odyssey
Assassin's Creed Odyssey gives you an open world paradise to explore
© UBISOFT
Your ranking of AC Odyssey depends on when you experienced the series for the first time. If you’ve been wearing a hidden blade since 2008, you’ll be happy with the current order, but if 2018 was your first AC experience, Kassandra and Alexios will be teetering on the pinnacle of open world adventures. Assassin’s Creed Odyssey’s Witcher-osity can’t be downplayed. This sprawling, full Ancient Greek RPG is a tour de force of violence, romance, and endless quests just waiting to be discovered. The hidden blade is dropped entirely in favour of the Broken Spear of Leonidas, a mystical maguffin using ancient Those Who Came Before tech to make Kass and Alexios miniature gods. Spartan kicks, rains of magical arrows and Hulk-style mega smashes make for thrilling conquest battles on sun-drenched beaches. But it’s the moments in between the shield shattering that makes Odyssey exceptional. Doing what AC games have always excelled at, reaching the top of every hill and viewpoint delivers yet another beautiful horizon waiting to be explored.
1. Assassin’s Creed 2
AC2
Pretty much any Assassin's fan will tell you that the second game is best
© UBISOFT
Of course it’s number one. We’re not complete monsters. Assassin’s Creed 2 still stands as not just the best AC game but goes down in history as one of the best open world games of all time. Ezio’s Renaissance Italy is a treat for the eyes and the ears as we’re thrust into the fiery battles of the Templars and Assassins during the 15th century. Whether you’re rubbing shoulders with Leonardo Da Vinci, using a flying machine, disturbing the pigeons of Venice with clinking tiles underfoot, or exploring the echoing depths of dank tombs, this is an open world that’s constantly evolving and alive. And Ezio is far more than just a charming lothario, growing up with him through his grim origins story is a perfect superhero narrative. That Kyd score and those heady synchronisation spins means AC2 is still a true masterpiece. To go a bit Lion King: everything the light touches is yours.