The 12 Best Games On PC
Share
63
Kotaku Staff
Published 2 months ago:
October 6, 2020 at 10:15 am
-
Filed to:12 BESTS
The 12 Best Games On PC
Image: Sam Woolley
PC gamers have got a pretty great thing going. Interesting, experimental indie games? Yup. Complex strategy simulations? Totally. The shiniest, prettiest versions of big-budget console games? They get a lot of those, too.

This article has been updated since its original publication.

Let’s say you’ve recently joined the ranks of the PC elite. Which games should you install?

 


Screenshot: Paradox Interactive
Crusader Kings III
It’s hard to find a universal opinion in gaming, but here’s one that’s about as close to unanimous as you can get: Crusader Kings III is better than Crusader Kings II in basically every way. It’s grander in scope but slighter in bloat and busywork. It’s easier to pick up (just ask any newcomer) and harder to put down (ask any longtime fan). It has a cleaner interface, sharper character models, and it’s also tremendously beautiful. Starting in the 9th century, you shepherd a dynastic line up and through the 15th century. To pinpoint Crusader Kings III as a strategy game wouldn’t be incorrect, but it’s also reductive: Yes, it’s a strategy game, but it’s also part management sim, part visual novel, and part role-player. Added all together, you get one whole awesome.

A Good Match For: History buffs. Fans of meaty strategy games with very few administrative tasks. Conquerors.
Not A Good Match For: Anyone looking for a breezy tutorial; though easier to pick up than its predecessor, Crusader Kings II is still more complex than most games.

Read our review.

Study our tips for the game.

Purchase from: Steam | Paradox | Green Man Gaming


Screenshot: Supergiant Games
Hades
Supergiant’s Greek mythology-themed Hades was forged in the hellfire of roguelikes. That means, like many other genre standouts, you’ll die (a lot) as you repeatedly run through a tiered dungeon full of randomized enemies, slowly accruing level-ups and making incremental progress with each round. But Hades puts a spin on a time-tested formula by betting big on narrative. You play as Prince Zagreus, the son of the god of the dead. Your goal, ostensibly, is to escape the underworld—and your father’s cruel, iron-fisted reign. On your quest, in classic Homerian fashion, you’re assisted by the Olympian gods (Zeus, Athena, Dionysus, and the like). As you play you get to better know these deities and other members of the Greek mytheme. Every character has a believable, fleshed-out relationship with Zagreus, one that pushes forward with every run. In Hades, playing doesn’t just earn you more skill points or better weapons. You also earn a really, really great story.

A Good Match For: Fans of roguelikes, action games, isometric RPGs, dating sims, Greek mythology, and any prior games in Supergiant’s oeuvre.

Not A Good Match For: The easily frustrated. Those who don’t like frenetic, fast-paced action games. Sisyphus.

Read our review, and our piece about why everyone’s so freakin’ hot.

Study our tips for the game, and the post-game.

Purchase from: Epic Games Store | Steam


Screenshot: Paradox Interactive
Cities: Skylines
Cities: Skylines first launched in 2015 as a terrific if slightly wonky city-builder. Sure, the traffic mechanic might’ve been busted, but it captured the minutiae of urban planning—zoning districts, plotting plumbing, building bike lanes, fine-tuning tax policy—unlike anything else. In the years since, Skylines has become the best city-building game around. Patches ironed out many of the kinks. Expansions introduced winter weather, night-and-day transitions (complete with glorious sunsets), and enough public transit options to make any progressive urbanist weep in joy. But the real evolution came from the mod community. Enterprising modders built on and improved nearly every facet of Skylines. You can download graphical update mods, custom buildings, expanded maps, and tweaked and streamlined game systems. There’s even one that automatically bulldozes abandoned buildings, effectively removing the most tedious part of the game. The result is a city-building game that also gives you a taste of playing god.

A Good Match For: NUMTOTS, urbanists, city planners, and fans of SimCity (not the 2013 debacle).

Not A Good Match For: Minimalists—this is one complex, intricate game.

Read our review, and our retrospective.

Watch it in action.

Study our list of essential mods.

Purchase from: Steam | The Humble Store | Green Man Gaming | Amazon


Screenshot: EA
The Sims 4
What more is there to say? It’s The Sims! The fourth installment of Maxis’s long-running life simulator came out in 2014 and, through a seemingly nonstop string of updates and patches, has only improved with every passing year. Last year’s collegiate expansion, in particular, captures how and why this entry continually resonates: This is life. It’s messy and unpredictable, and you have no idea how your Sims might react in various situations. But in that too-real approximation of life exists limitless potential. In all of video games, few character creators are more in-depth. You can direct your characters how you want (mostly), and shape their surrounding environment how you please (mostly). And in a marked improvement over previous entries—one that further captures the whims of real life—your Sims can both multitask and feel emotion.

A Good Match For: Wannabe gods.

Not A Good Match For: Impatient players: The Sims 4 is slow-moving, but once you get in the groove, it’s near-impossible to put down.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Study our tips for the game.

Purchase from: EA | Amazon | Green Man Gaming | Best Buy


Screenshot: CD Projekt Red
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
There’s no shortage of ambition in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Geralt of Rivia’s latest adventure is massive, a world you can get lost in for hours and still have plenty to do. There’s a ton for die-hard Witcher fans to enjoy, but you don’t need to have played a Witcher game to enjoy the heck out of this one. While many games these days have sprawling landscapes, The Witcher 3 is utterly dense. Every nook and cranny is filled with memorable characters, clever writing, and rewards for curious players. The main story is as thrilling as it is emotionally draining, and the side quests are actually worth doing. Since its release in 2015, The Witcher 3 has gotten a ton of free updates and improvements along with two terrific paid expansions, Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine. The full experience is now even bigger, richer, and better than ever.

A Good Match For: Open-world fans, especially those who enjoyed Skyrim but were disappointed by the combat. In The Witcher 3, fighting is nearly as enjoyable as exploration.

Not a Good Match For: People who value their time and social life, anyone who wants a game they can finish in a handful of hours.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Study our tips for the game, and catch up on The Witcher lore.

Purchase From: Steam | GOG | Amazon | Wal-Mart | Best Buy | Gamestop


Screenshot: 2K Games
Civilization VI
In the six years since Civilization V came out, we managed to review it not once but twice. That’s how much these games lend themselves to playing and replaying, and Civ VI is no different. The latest entry adds a lot of new ideas to the Firaxis’s tried-and-true formula, and while some new ideas work better than others, the whole is as usual more than the sum of its parts. The mechanical tweaks and refinements are wrapped up in a subtle, board-game-like aesthetic that is as pleasing on your twentieth hour as it was on your tenth. We’ll be playing this game for years.

A Good Match For: Civ fans, people who have never played a Civ game, basically anyone who doesn’t actively hate Civ.

Not A Good Match For: Anyone who actively hates Civ.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Study our tips for the game.

Purchase From: Steam | Amazon | Wal-Mart | Best Buy | Gamestop


Screenshot: Square Enix
Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn
In 2010, Square Enix launched Final Fantasy XIV Online, and it was just the worst—buggy, over-complicated, unfinished; a mess. The developers spent three years rebuilding the game from the ground up, and the end result is one of the finest massively multiplayer online role-playing games ever made. It’s everything fans love about Final Fantasy—lush artwork, strong story, gorgeous music—only bigger, all wrapped around a traditional MMO framework. It’s that Square Enix polish that sets it apart from its competitors, earning it a spot in this list.

A Good Match For: Fans of fantasy role-playing video games looking to take the massively multiplayer plunge. The original Final Fantasy XIV was a tangled mess of conflicting ideas, when all players wanted was a standard MMO game with the familiar features of a Final Fantasy game. That’s exactly what A Realm Reborn is.

Not a Good Match For: Folks afraid of monthly subscriptions. Despite the MMORPG genere as a whole moving towards free-to-play payment models, Final Fantasy XIV stands firm by its monthly subscription plan.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Purchase From: Amazon | Steam


Screenshot: IO Interactive
Hitman 2
Hitman 2 takes everything that was great about 2016’s Hitman and improves and expands on all of it. Really, the new game functions like a second “season” for its episodic predecessor, just with all the missions delivered at once. All the things that worked so well about the 2016 game are here: the meticulous planning, the memorization and mastery, the pitch-perfect dark humor. Not only that, but if you own the earlier game, you can play through all of the levels without leaving the sequel. That makes Hitman 2 live up to its billing as “the ultimate Hitman experience,” as well as one of the smartest and most richly entertaining games you can play.

A Good Match For: Fans of classic spy movies, people who like playing dress-up, anyone who liked 2016’s Hitman.

Not A Good Match For: People hoping for a straight-up action or stealth game, those who didn’t care for 2016’s Hitman.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Purchase From: Steam


Screenshot: Larian Studios
Divinity: Original Sin 2
Divinity: Original Sin 2 is a supremely entertaining and consistently surprising role-playing game, one that expands and improves upon almost everything about its already fantastic predecessor. It may appear to be just another rote fantasy world at first blush, but the more you explore, the more interesting it becomes. Between the complex and rewarding turn-based combat and the branching, open-ended quests and side-stories, Original Sin 2 gives players an uncommon level of freedom to tell their own stories. And that’s not to mention the elaborate Game Master mode, which lets you write and build campaigns for your friends to work through together. Time and again you’ll find yourself trying outlandish things just to see if they’ll work. Most of the time, they will.

A Good Match For: Anyone who liked the first game, fans of the Ultima series and other similar CRPGs from which Divinity draws inspiration.

Not A Good Match For: Anyone hoping for a more action-packed RPG, those who don’t like complicated or challenging games.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Purchase From: Steam | GOG


Screenshot: Cardboard Computer
Kentucky Route Zero
Just a man and a dog, looking to make a delivery. That’s how it all begins, anyway. But Kentucky Route Zero quickly becomes a mystical adventure through a land left behind by time, an odyssey in magical realism that feels grand and mysterious in a way that very, very few modern video games can muster. What started episodically is now, as of earlier this year, officially complete. Unlike the tapestry of roads that connect our cities and coasts, Kentucky Route Zero doesn’t always tell you where it’s taking you. The narrative is really about the journey, not the destination. It’s not like anything you’ve ever played. For that alone, you should try it.

A Good Match For: Anyone looking for something different. Those who still believe there’s magic hidden somewhere off the interstate.

Not A Good Match For: Those looking for a bunch of complex game mechanics—Kentucky Route Zero is a point-and-click adventure game, and a fairly simple one at that.

Read our review.

Watch a video about why the game is great.

Purchase From: Amazon | Steam | Humble


Screenshot: Toby Fox
Undertale
Undertale might look like a retro-style JRPG, but it’s unusually forward-thinking. As a human stuck in a world of monsters, you decide whether you want to win encounters with wanton violence or clever context-based interactions (talking, joking, petting, etc). Undertale keeps track of everything you do; it’s paying very close attention, and will often express that attention in surprising ways. Every life you take ultimately has consequences. Despite those grim trappings, Undertale can be an incredibly warm, fuzzy, and funny game. Whether you slaughter or befriend everyone (or walk a middle path), the writing in this game is top-tier, the soundtrack is second-to-none, and the plot hides a treasure trove of secrets that players still haven’t fully uncovered.

A Good Match For: Lovers of smart video game stories, fans of games that subvert expectations, people who’ve ever felt even a single pang of loneliness.

Not A Good Match For: People who hate shoot-’em-ups and tough boss battles (Undertale’s combat system has elements of both), those who aren’t fond of reading dialogue, haters of lo-fi pixel art.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Purchase From: Steam | GOG | Developer’s Site


Screenshot: Mobius Digital
Outer Wilds
“Be curious on your journey!” proclaims one of the characters in Outer Wilds. No line could sum it up better. At the onset, your silent alien hero is given a rickety spaceship and sent off to explore the universe with a single goal: Go on an adventure. Roughly 20 minutes later, the universe explodes, and you wake up on your home planet as if nothing ever happened. Soon you’ll find yourself ticking off goals and jotting down questions: Why is the universe exploding? How did that ancient alien race go extinct? What’s up with that planet that keeps disappearing when you try to land on it? And is it possible to save the universe? Outer Wilds mixes the exploration of Metroid with the time loop of Majora’s Mask to brilliant effect, and it culminates in one of the most satisfying endings we’ve ever seen in a video game.

A Good Match For: Curious gamers, anyone who loves the idea of getting into a space ship and exploring the cosmos.

Not a Good Match For: Impatient people, people who need combat in their games, people who hate finicky controls.

Read our review.

Watch it in action.

Listen to our podcast discussing tips for starting the game.

Purchase From: Epic Store


The games on this list are all great PC games. But of all the platforms in our collection of The Bests, the PC has been around the longest and therefore has the largest back catalogue. There are decades of fantastic PC games to choose from, and if you own a PC you’d be remiss if you didn’t go through the classics and play the best ones. Thankfully, we’ve got two lists to help you out. In 2013 our readers helped us make an exhaustive megalist of the best classic PC games of all time. Then in 2015, we made our own list of the 24 best classic PC games.

How has this list changed? Read back through our update history:

Update 10/5/2020: Crusader Kings II steps aside to make room for its smarter, younger sibling, Crusader Kings III, while Total War: Warhammer II forgoes its spot for Hades.

Update 6/10/2020: We’ve given Overwatch and Return of the Obra Dinn the boot to make room for two modern classics: The Sims 4 and Cities: Skylines.

Update 12/2/2019: We’ve added Outer Wilds and removed XCOM 2.

Update 11/30/2018: We’ve added Return of the Obra Dinn and Hitman 2 in place of The Witness and Hitman.

Update 11/10/2017: Another update to our trickiest list: we’ve added Divinity: Original Sin 2 and Total War: Warhammer II while removing Doom and Inside.

Update 12/2/2016: Big changes come to the PC list! We’ve added DOOM, Inside, Hitman, and Civilization VI while removing MGSV, StarCraft 2, Divinity: Original Sin and Civilization V.

Update 6/24/2016: 
Crusader Kings II
 and 
Overwatch 
make it onto the list, while 
Total War: Shogun 2
 and 
Portal 2
 exit. Rest easy, Wheatley. You had a good run.

Update 2/22/2016:
 We’ve added XCOM 2 and The Witness and removed Heroes of the Storm and XCOM: Enemy Unknown.

Update 10/29/2015: 
The list gets another shake-up. We’ve added Metal Gear Solid V, Undertale, and Divinity: Original Sin: Enhanced Edition in the place of Counter-Strike GO, Minecraft, and Pillars of Eternity.

Update 7/22/2015: 
We’ve shaken the list up with three new entries: Pillars of Eternity, The Witcher 3 and Heroes of the Storm take the place of Dragon Age: Inquisition, The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim and DOTA 2.

Update 11/25/2014: 
Fall 2014 brings with it a single swap: Dragon Age: Inquisition knocks off its predecessor Dragon Age: Origins. (Though you should still probably play Origins if you haven’t, because it’s really good.)

Update 8/6/2014: 
The list gets a shake-up: say goodbye to Half Life 2, Titanfall and Gone Home and hello to Dota 2, Counter-Strike: GO and Kentucky Route Zero. We’ve also reset the comments to allow for new debate and discussion.

Update 4/10/14: 
We’ve called in an orbital drop and replaced Battlefield 3 with Titanfall.

Update 12/9/13: 
At the end of the year comes a sizable update to the PC bests list. Gone are FTL, The Witcher 2, Team Fortress 2 and Far Cry 3 and in their place are Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn, Dragon Age: Origins, Gone Home and Portal 2.

Update 07/24/13:
 It’s a long overdue update for the PC platform, with four games leaving and four coming onto the list. Skyrim—which was out when this list debuted—jumps onto the Bests because of the post-release addition of Steam Workshop, which lets you seamlessly access and install hundreds of the awesome mods available for the game. It’s joined by XCOM: Enemy Unknown, FTL and Far Cry 3. Wave good-bye to Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Dirt 2, Mass Effect 2 and Bejeweled 3.

The best games on Xbox Game Pass for PC
By Jon Bitner
November 18, 2020

 
If you love Esports, check out this smartwatch!
Xbox Game Pass is one of the best deals in gaming right now. For a low monthly cost, you gain instant access to hundreds of the best games on the market. However, the catalog for Game Pass varies between console and PC. That means some of the titles Xbox Series X players can access aren’t available for folks on PC.

Nonetheless, there’s still a wide variety of incredible titles for Xbox Game Pass on PC. From platformers and shooters to RPGs and card games, here are the best titles on Xbox Game Pass for PC.

Further reading

Best games on Xbox Game Pass
Xbox Series X review
Best PC games
The Outer Worlds
The Outer Worlds
Fans of the Fallout series, rejoice! Obsidian’s popular sci-fi shooter — one that’s heavily inspired by Bethesda’s wasteland — is available for PC players who subscribe to Game Pass. The Outer Worlds throws you into a player-driven story where your actions have consequences, and the right choice isn’t always what it seems. Along the way, you’ll meet a colorful cast of characters, engage in hilarious dialogue, and accrue an arsenal of ridiculously powerful weapons. If you happened to miss out on The Outer Worlds last year, now is the perfect time to check it out.

$20 FROM AMAZON $20 FROM BEST BUY

Streets of Rage 4

The legendary brawler returned in 2020, keeping its trademark side-scrolling action from decades ago but bringing a new, vivid art style. The action takes place several years after Streets of Rage 3, and a new criminal empire has emerged. It’s up to you — and maybe even a few friends — to stop the Y Twins from taking over the city. Multiple difficulties, various co-op modes, and a high score board keep things interesting well beyond the final credits.

$35 FROM AMAZON $35 FROM BEST BUY

Gears 5

What else needs to be said? It’s Gears 5 — the latest entry in the storied Gears franchise. You’ll be chain-sawing hordes of Locust, ducking from cover to cover, and duking it out with other players in a tense online multiplayer mode.

This time around, you’ll follow Kait Diaz. As war is breaking out all around her, she’ll step out on her own to discover more about herself and her connection to the enemy, and she’ll face some difficult choices along the way.

$16 FROM AMAZON $27 FROM CDKEYS.COM

Celeste
Celeste
Celeste
A narrative-driven, brutally difficult platformer, Celeste follows the story of Madeline as she treks to the top of Celeste Mountain. During your journey, you’ll unravel an emotional story about mental health, overcoming adversity, and being true to yourself. It’s a surprising tale and one that will stick with you well beyond the final credits.

$20 FROM STEAM $83 FROM WALMART

Age of Empires II: Definitive Edition

One of the best strategy games ever made is back — and more definitive than ever. Now playable in 4K, AoE II: Definitive Edition brings a remastered soundtrack, four new civilizations, and three new campaigns.


Since its release, the game has seen multiple updates, and more are planned for the future. In fact, as part of the November Update, Age of Empires II will be getting a wild new battle royale mode. If you’re an old fan of the franchise, it’s definitely worth a look.

$20 FROM AMAZON $20 FROM STEAM

Halo: The Master Chief Collection

Halo Infinite may have been delayed, but you can still run around as Master Chief with this collection of past hits. Six games will be part of the collection, but right now, Halo: Combat Evolved, Halo 2: Anniversary, Halo 3, and Halo 3: ODST are some of the playable titles.


All the games have been reworked to run in 4K and up to 60 frames per second, and many of them offer customizable controls and settings. There’s also a robust multiplayer mode that — when done being updated — will give you access to over 120 iconic maps.

$40 FROM AMAZON $30 FROM NEWEGG

Battle Chasers: Nightwar

Its name leaves much to be desired, but the game itself is a wonderful blend of traditional JPRG elements and western conveniences. You’ll navigate a massive overworld map, take on a lengthy list of main missions and side quests, and then dive into dungeons for some tense, turn-based battles.


The story follows Gully, a young girl who is hoping to find her missing father. While out on an expedition, her airship is shot down over an unknown land, and she’ll need the help of her ragtag party to make it out safely and track down her father.

$10 FROM GOOGLE PLAY $21 FROM WALMART

Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night

Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night
If you’re looking for a deep Metroidvania experience, look no further than Bloodstained. You’ll battle your way through an ancient castle haunted by demons, monsters, and other horrifying creatures hellbent on stopping you on your quest to save humanity.


The game is challenging — like any good Metroidvania — but also boasts one of the most unique art styles in recent memory, with cel-shaped, 2.5D characters and environments gracing your screen. It certainly looks better now than it did on Switch, and it’s among the best games available on Xbox Game Pass for PC.

$22 FROM AMAZON $20 FROM BEST BUY

Fallout 76
Fallout 76 Streaming Xbox Game Pass Android
Although it had a rough start, Fallout 76 is finally the game it was meant to be. Numerous patches have added new questlines, powerful new weapons, and — most importantly — NPCs. At launch, Fallout 76 was only populated by other real players, turning its wasteland into a place that simply wasn’t true to the Fallout name. Now, it’s much more reminiscent of past titles and is certainly a post-apocalyptic adventure worth taking.

$16 FROM AMAZON $25 FROM WALMART

Slay the Spire

A wild mash between card game and roguelike, Slay the Spire was one of the best games released in 2017. If you happened to miss out on it, now’s the perfect chance to sit down and put together a Spire-slaying hand of cards. Its simple design makes it easy to pick up and play, but fighting your way through the increasingly difficult levels isn’t for the faint of heart.

$25 FROM STEAM

The best video games based on movies
By Jacob Roach
November 23, 2020
In the past, video games based on movies have generally been bad. Superman 64 and Aliens: Colonial Marines are two prime examples, but there are countless others. Thankfully, developers have taken a different direction in recent years. Rather than simply releasing a game as a marketing tactic for an upcoming movie, developers are creating separate experiences set in the world of a film but with a unique story to tell. In this guide, we’ve rounded up the best video games based on movies.

Alien: Isolation

Alien: Isolation - PlayStation 4
Alien: Isolation - PlayStation 4
$84 FROM AMAZON
$95 FROM WALMART
Alien: Isolation is a bona fide survival horror game. Instead of throwing you into an arena with some guns and a whole lot of Xenomorphs, Isolation focuses on, well, isolation. You play as Ripley’s daughter 15 years after the events of the first Alien film. After discovering that a flight recorder documenting Ripley’s fate is hidden on a Seegson Corporation ship, you’re sent to find it.

Just like Alien, your goal isn’t to go in guns blazing. Encounters with a Xenomorph will be brief and filled with anxiety, as you attempt to outrun the beast. Most of Alien: Isolation is focused on sneaking around tight corridors and using various tools to deter the creature, not defeat it, perfectly capturing the spirit of the source material.

Read our Alien: Isolation review

Marvel’s Avengers
marvel's avengers
Marvel's Avengers
Marvel's Avengers
$27 FROM AMAZON
$30 FROM BEST BUY
$60 FROM PLAYSTATION STORE
Although Marvel’s Avengers is very loudly not based on Marvel’s multi-billion-dollar film franchise, it certainly borrows a lot. Plus Kamala Khan, you have access to the same roster of Avengers: Thor, Hulk, Iron Man, Black Widow, and Captain America. Although Square Enix and Crystal Dynamics got a lot of flak for the games-as-a-service elements, Marvel’s Avengers remains a thoroughly enjoyable action game with a firecracker single-player campaign.

The “live” part of the game isn’t bad, either. Like Destiny 2 and similar titles, Avengers is repetitive. After the 15 to 20 hours of the campaign, you’ll be spending your time assembling your own version of the Avengers, taking on baddies in a range of familiar locations. Piloting the heroes feels good, so Marvel’s Avengers keeps things interesting from moment to moment. However, its staying power comes from the leveling system. Each hero has their own tree of skills and unlocking all of them will keep you hooked for dozens of hours after the campaign.

Read our Marvel’s Avengers review

Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order

Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order
$49 FROM AMAZON
$28 FROM CDKEYS.COM
$51 FROM WALMART
There are a handful of good Star Wars games, but a lot more bad ones. Thankfully, Fallen Order fits in the former category. The game takes place between Episode III and Episode IV, or more accurately, between Episode III and the events of Star Wars Rebels. You play as Cal Kestis, a Jedi Padawan under the oppressive threat of the Great Jedi Purge.

In a shift from most other Star Wars games, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order puts you in the shoes of an actual Jedi, fit with a customizable lightsaber and force powers. Throughout your adventure, you’ll travel to multiple planets, each fit with secrets, alternative paths, and optional boss battles.

Read our Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order review

Jurassic World Evolution

Jurassic World Evolution
Jurassic World Evolution
$43 FROM AMAZON
$45 FROM STEAM
$28 FROM GAMESTOP
Jurassic World Evolution is about the furthest thing you’d expect out of a Jurassic Park-inspired game. It’s a simulation game created by Frontier Developments, the same studio behind Planet Coaster and the recently released Planet Zoo. In the game, you run a dinosaur park spread across five islands.

Thankfully, it’s not just a reskin of Planet Coaster. Evolution features voice acting from Jeff Goldblum, Bryce Dallas Howard, and B. D. Wong, and also focuses on three distinct skill trees: Science, Entertainment, and Security. Although dinosaur theme park simulation is an unlikely genre, it works well for Jurassic World: Evolution due to the fact that the game was developed by a master of the simulation genre.

Middle-earth: Shadow of War

Middle-Earth: Shadow of War
Middle-Earth: Shadow of War
$9 FROM AMAZON
$10 FROM WALMART
$10 FROM TARGET
Like Star Wars, there are a lot of Lord of the Rings games, most of which aren’t very good. The two Middle-earth games, Shadow of Mordor and Shadow of War, don’t fit into that category, though. In both games, you play as Talion, a ranger whose spirit is infused with the elf lord Celebrimbor. Unsurprisingly, your goal is simply to stop Sauron.

Middle-earth: Shadow of War is a prequel to the movies, and although the lore is interesting for LOTR fans, we’re including Shadow of War based on its mechanics. In the game, you’ll need to confront Sauron’s orc army. As you take out ranking members, others will step in to take their place, becoming more powerful in the process. No two playthroughs are exactly the same, as the enemies you make throughout your playthrough will be determined by who’s highest on your hit list.


Read our Middle-earth: Shadow of War review

GoldenEye 007

GoldenEye 007 is the one exception to the “no movie tie-in” rule. Released in 1997 for the Nintendo 64, GoldenEye set in motion an era of split-screen shooting, as players bounced bullets off each other in a deathmatch arena. Nowadays, GoldenEye doesn’t feel quite as good as it did back in 1997. Still, its impact on gaming is undeniable.

That doesn’t mean you should boot it back up, though. The Nintendo 64 isn’t the best platform for shooters, with its limited graphical fidelity and asinine controller design. Thankfully, a redesign of GoldenEye 007 built on the Source engine is available to download on PC for free.

John Wick Hex

John Wick Hex
John Wick Hex
$20 FROM EPIC GAMES STORE
John Wick Hex is a much more methodical experience than its source material. It’s a timeline strategy game where time stops so you can plan your next action. You’ll choose where you want to move and what actions you want to take, and once you do, time will resume. It turns out that you can’t be as badass as John Wick in real time, even in a video game.

That aside, John Wick Hex still makes you feel like the Baba Yaga, with expertly crafted animations and neon-plastered scenery. Although a AAA studio could likely make a more visceral John Wick experience, Hex is still a solid, smaller title that offers a unique take on the six-year-old franchise. It’s available now on PC and PS4, but it’s coming to Switch and Xbox One later this year, too.

Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic
Discord Nitro Star Wars Day May 4 Knights of the Old Republic
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic - Xbox
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic - Xbox
$90 FROM AMAZON
$100 FROM WALMART
At the time, pairing a multi-billion-dollar franchise like Star Wars with the developer of Neverwinter Nights and the Baldur’s Gate games seemed like it wouldn’t work. BioWare quickly proved that wasn’t the case, though. Knight of the Old Republic almost single-handedly proved that video games based on movies could offer depth and complexity.

Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic takes place in, well, the Old Republic, 4,000 years before the Galactic Empire rose to power. You play as a Jedi on a multi-planet quest to overthrow Darth Malak. Like the BioWare titles that came before Knights of the Old Republic, combat takes place over a series of rounds, with combat actions using the d20 system to determine if the action was successful or not.

Mad Max

Mad Max - PS4
Mad Max - PS4
$27 FROM AMAZON
Mad Max isn’t based on any particular film from the series, though it released shortly after Fury Road hit theaters. It’s an open world action-adventure game in the vein of Assassin’s Creed and Batman: Arkham Asylum. You play as Max Rockatansky, a former highway patrol officer in search of fuel for his Interceptor.

Although Mad Max isn’t on the level as Arkham Asylum and the better Assassin’s Creed games, it’s still a decent experience. A core focus of the title is vehicular combat. As you make your way around the wasteland, you can find new items to outfit your vehicle, making it stronger, faster, and more deadly.

Friday the 13th: The Game

Friday the 13th: The Game
Friday the 13th: The Game
$23 FROM AMAZON
$22 FROM WALMART

Friday the 13th: The Game is an asymmetrical multiplayer title with similar gameplay to Dead by Daylight. The eight-player online matches feature seven Camp Crystal Lake Counselors facing off against a menacing Jason Voorhees. Counselors win if they escape the map alive or survive until time runs out. Of course, the goal of the Jason player is to kill as many counselors as possible.

Friday the 13th: The Game features a simple premise, one that could quickly become stale. Thankfully, the Camp Crystal Lake map is large and open, with multiple side quests for counselors to complete. Completing these quests will give the counselors a better chance of survival, either by aiding in an escape route or helping slow down Jason.

Blair Witch

Blair Witch - PC
Blair Witch - PC
$30 FROM STEAM
Blair Witch emerged without fanfare; both announced and released in 2019 without further ado. Your character is Ellis Lynch, a military veteran and former police officer, who has decided to join a search party for a child gone missing deep in Burkittsville, Maryland’s Black Hills Forest. Essential to the game’s outcome is your dog, Bullet, who accompanies you.

Blair Witch is primarily concerned with exploration—combing through the woods and solving additional puzzles that come up. But Bullet is by far the most intriguing aspect of the game. Along with following scents and helping you secure items, the dog also determines your physiological well-being.

It’s critical to keep Bullet close to you if you are to avoid suffering a horrific fate.