The best VR games
By Gabe Gurwin
November 23, 2020

 
If you love Esports, check out this smartwatch!
Virtual reality is still a relatively new genre, but it has the potential to take your gameplay to a whole new level. Even now, there’s a large variety of different games that have already hit the market. 

We’ve done our best to narrow down all the great choices and make sure you’re only playing the best of the best VR games, whether you’re playing on PlayStation VR or Oculus Rift.

PlayStation VR
Blood & Truth
Walmart PSVR Playstation VR bundle deal
The PlayStation VR has been one of the most popular virtual reality devices in history, but it didn’t have a true killer app before Blood & Truth. Based on the “London Heist” component of PlayStation VR Worlds, the full follow-up is essentially a playable Guy Ritchie movie. Car chases, tons of gunfights, stealth components, and thrilling set-pieces make it one of the most impressive games in VR, which should come as no surprise when you see it comes from the same studio behind The Getaway. Blood & Truth is the reason to get PlayStation VR, and it goes beyond merely proving the usefulness of the technology.

$18 FROM AMAZON

Gran Turismo Sport VR mode
Gran Turismo Sport
Gran Turismo Sport is one of the most realistic racing games on the market, delivering an impressive amount of authenticity both in the included vehicles as well as the locations, and it has an impressive number of modes and features to keep any gearhead busy. The action really heats up, however, when you virtually step into a car in the game’s VR mode, which offers all the thrill of first-person racing with none of the danger — and if you ding the bumper, you don’t have to pay for repairs!

Read our full Gran Turismo Sport review

$19 FROM AMAZON

Firewall: Zero Hour
firewall zero hour
Far removed from the frenetic and over-the-top games typically seen on virtual reality devices, Firewall: Zero Hour is a tactical multiplayer shooter that plays on the basic mechanics of Rainbow Six Siege to create one of the first truly competitive games on PlayStation VR. Using the PlayStation VR Aim controller, you choose one of 12 characters and carefully move forward with your squad as you pick off enemies and hide behind cover. There are also cooperative and solo modes to help you get used to the gunplay, or just to practice working as a team.

$16 FROM AMAZON

Resident Evil 7: Biohazard VR mode

Resident Evil 7: Biohazard swapped the series’ traditional third-person action for a first-person perspective, making it even more terrifying to go down an unfamiliar hallway or turn a dark corner. Naturally, playing this in virtual reality makes it feel like you’re actually being hunted down by a mutated Louisianan family. The entire game is playable in VR mode, and during the Halloween season, there’s no better way to get yourself scared than to turn off all the lights, put in your earbuds, and head into the house.

Read our full Resident Evil 7 review

$25 FROM AMAZON

Until Dawn: Rush of Blood

In need of a little more “pew pew” in your VR horror games? Look no further than Until Dawn: Rush of Blood. An on-rails shooter rather than the timing-and-choice-based adventure of the main Until Dawn, it’s no less frightening. Taking place on a rollercoaster with multiple possible paths, you have to defend yourself against spooky monsters with a variety of weapons, which you can dual-wield for even more deadliness. As the game was free on PlayStation Plus and features global leaderboards, you should have plenty of friends’ high scores to try to beat as well.

Read our full Until Dawn: Rush of Blood review

$15 FROM AMAZON

Rigs: Mechanized Combat League

When a studio can’t decide between making a first-person shooter and a sports game, they come up with Rigs: Mechanized Combat League. The late Guerilla Cambridge’s hybrid game was one of the headset’s best launch titles, delivering an exhilarating mix of teamwork, fast-paced action, and verticality. Rigs feels like the craziest game of paintball you’ve ever played, but with mechanized suits instead of dudes in plastic masks, and it has several different multiplayer modes as well as a single-player career mode to switch things up.

 Read our full Rigs review

$15 FROM AMAZON

Oculus Rift
I Expect You to Die
I Expect You to Die | Shell Games
Schell Games
The Oculus Rift is perfectly capable of playing games originally meant for traditional consoles or PC, but Schell Games wasn’t interested in that market. Instead, the studio developed I Expect You to Die, a game that can only exist in virtual reality. As a telekinetic secret agent, it’s your job to escape from and infiltrate a variety of dangerous scenarios, using items you find in the environment to your advantage. The pin of a fire extinguisher can be used to disarm a grenade, while a leaky pipe can cool down an engine nicely. Schell Games might expect you to die, but you don’t have to accept your fate.

$25 FROM STEAM

Dirt Rally VR

You can get a taste of VR driving in Gran Turismo Sport on the PlayStation VR, but if you want to experience a full racing game from a headset, you’ll want to pick up Dirt Rally. Available both as a component of the Steam release as well as a standalone game via the Oculus store, Dirt Rally VR takes all of the game’s modes and makes them compatible with the rift. The game features both single-player and multiplayer, and a variety of outdoor locations to view as you race and attempt not to crash your vehicle.

$59 FROM AMAZON

Lucky’s Tale
Luckys-Tale
Classic 3D platforming games are a rarity these days, and it’s even rarer to see them in virtual reality. Lucky’s Tale checks both boxes, with plenty of collectibles and challenging jumps, as well as the additional camera control provided by the Oculus Rift. Lucky is an adorable mascot, bringing back memories of heroes like Banjo-Kazooie. Lucky’s Tale is free if you own the headset, and if you decide you love the game, a non-VR version called Super Lucky’s Tale is also available on Xbox One and PC.

$ FROM OCULUS

Edge of Nowhere
Edge-of-Nowhere
For something a little bit darker in a third-person perspective, Insomniac Games has you covered with Edge of Nowhere. A horror game that blends natural terrors — like certain death after falling off an ice cliff — with fears a little more rooted in fantasy, it’s another example of Insomniac’s masterful storytelling. Edge of Nowhere is certainly less cartoonish than the other games we’ve seen from the company, but it combines gameplay and narrative in a way that is just as compelling.

$20 FROM STEAM

Rock Band VR

Playing guitar but wishing there were a few more fans — or a fan – to cheer you on? With Rock Band VR, you can live out the fantasy of being a rock star with an adoring audience jamming along to your tunes. Using an Oculus Touch or a Rock Band 4 controller, you can play along like a classic Rock Band game or improvise and experiment, all while standing on a virtual stage. Unlike real life, the club you’re playing doesn’t smell like stale sweat, either.

$40 FROM OCULUS

The Climb


Developed by Crytek – the company behind technically stunning games like Crysis – The Climb allows you to experience all the thrills of mountain climbing without the risk of dying if you manage to slip. It is filled with shortcuts for more adventurous players, supports multiplayer, and it even has a “tourist mode” so your friends can try it out without having to master all of its mechanics.

$20 FROM OCULUS

HTC Vive
Pistol Whip
Pistol Whip gameplay
The perfect game for living out a John Wick or Matrix fantasy in virtual reality, Pistol Whip is equal parts rhythm game and first-person shooter. Each level is filled with enemies firing bullets that take just a few seconds to make contact, and it takes quick reflex and dodging skills in order to eliminate them and send a barrage of fire back their way. This is all done with a bumping beat in the background, and obstacles occasionally halt progress. There are even moments that allow for the titular “pistol whip” attack on closer targets, though pulling this off requires a ton of practice.

$25 FROM STEAM

The Walking Dead Saints & Sinners
the walking dead saints and sinners vr
Outside of the Telltale series, The Walking Dead has had much more success in VR than in traditional gaming. This remains true with The Walking Dead: Saints & Sinners, an action-survival game with a heavy emphasis on choice and consequence. Melee weapons and traditional firearms are available to take down the undead you encounter, and there are also human survivors who can cause even more of an issue. The game is set in New Orleans, offering a nice change from the television series, and its emotional, dark story should be perfect for fans who have followed it since the first comics.

$40 FROM AMAZON

Boneworks
boneworks vr
A physics-based game that is best for players who are familiar with VR already, Boneworks features an advanced engine and allows for many different approaches to combat. Everything from energy weapons and guns to old-school clubs and swords is at players’ disposals, and they can interact with nearly every object, as well. Despite the heavy focus on gameplay, there is still a story here, with an advanced A.I. causing trouble at a mysterious corporation. Boneworks is perfect for anyone who sees current VR games as amusement park rides rather than real games in their own right.

$30 FROM STEAM



No Man’s Sky

It didn’t launch with VR support, but No Man’s Sky received it later as part of a giant free update. The entire game can be played in virtual reality, and seeing as the game’s initial promise was of an expansive and immersive universe, it’s a perfect fit. Updates over the years have added base-building mechanics, more story content near the beginning, better user-interface options, and even full multiplayer. No Man’s Sky was certainly disappointing at launch in 2016, but the game has turned into what Hello Games had imagined all along.

$70 FROM AMAZON

Until You Fall
until you fall vr
From Schell Games — the studio behind I Expect You to Die — comes the much more active Until You Fall. Designed to be a fantasy combat game that still features realistic sword combat, the game actually includes multiple weapon types and a mix of monsters to fight. There are several locations included, as well as randomized elements to ensure that every run feels different. Few developers can deliver games as polished as Schell Games, and there are several customization options to help with avoiding motion sickness and feeling comfortable in the game’s world. There are even power-ups to deliver a little extra damage.

$20 FROM STEAM

Beat Saber

Who could have predicted that a dancing game that uses two virtual lightsabers would be among VR’s biggest hits? Beat Saber tasks you with slashing incoming blocks using color-coded saber swings, and the intensity varies depending on the song you select. There are plenty of options for customization even including your own songs on PC, and you’ll be able to get a great workout by merely doing what you’ve already pretended you could do for decades: Swing a lightsaber. With content added regularly, Beat Saber is a game you’ll be playing for months or years on end.

$30 FROM STEAM

Fallout 4 VR
GTX 1070
It’s Fallout 4 and it’s in VR. This isn’t a sampler or a teaser of what a full Fallout game could be like in virtual reality, but the entire Fallout 4 experience made playable on the HTC Vive. From killing mutant creatures to building your dream community, you can do it all from behind the headset, which should make some of the game’s more emotional choices even more impactful. Of course, you could also just go out and cause as much mayhem as possible. It’s up to you.

Read our full Fallout 4 VR review

$11 FROM AMAZON

Doom VFR
doom vfr review beast
Want to enter the world of 2016’s Doom and look demons in the eyes as you rip their jaws in half and stomp on their mutilated corpses? With Doom VFR, you totally can. Rather than turn the existing game into a VR shooting gallery, Id Software created an entirely new story for Doom VFR, which sees you working on demon cleanup duty to stop an outbreak from destroying a Mars-based research center. Most importantly, however, it just gives you an excuse to kick some demon ass.

Read our full Doom VFR review

$44 FROM AMAZON

Superhot VR

One of the most unique first-person shooters and adventure games ever made, the original Superhot’s hook — a world that only moves when you move — creates a sense of tactical awareness not typically seen in the genre. The VR version builds on that great foundation, and updates have added additional challenges, levels, and even an option to beat the game without ever firing a gun. Speed and careful planning will be necessary to make it out alive.

$25 FROM STEAM

Creed: Rise to Glory

The film Creed II sees Adonis Creed facing off against Ivan Drago’s son in a battle that mirrors the plot of the objectively great Rocky IV, and in preparation for his most important fight to date, Creed must train to be the best boxer on the planet. Creed: Rise to Glory lets you do just that, with vicious punching controls, player-versus-player fights, and training alongside the legendary Rocky Balboa. You can even visit some of the films’ famous locations to really get in the mindset of a Philadelphian fighter. Now cut me, Mick!

$30 FROM STEAM

Arizona Sunshine
Arizona-Sunshine
Don’t let the benign title fool you: Arizona Sunshine is all about zombies. The desert western setting is merely a backdrop for the vicious undead looking to eat you, bones and all, and you can take a friend along for the ride as you attempt to survive. Unlike some similar VR shooters, you are free to move around the environment naturally in Arizona Sunshine, and you have access to more than two dozen weapons to slaughter the zombies you encounter.

$40 FROM STEAM

Oculus Quest
BoxVR

The Oculus Quest’s wires-free, self-contained design makes it the perfect VR headset to use for fitness, and BoxVR is one of the most effective exercising games on the platform. Rather than battle against another boxer, BoxVR has you practice your various punches against incoming symbols. You also must dodge out of the way of approaching walls, and block attacks to keep your score as high as possible. As you do this, the game keeps full track of your calories burnt, and the total accumulates for a week, which lets you easily keep track of fitness progress.

$30 FROM OCULUS

Dance Central

You can find the virtual reality edition of Dance Central on Oculus Quest, which means you don’t need a camera or Wii Remote to enjoy the game. You can play this version at any time and in any location. Like the original, this game requires you to imitate the dance moves you see on your screen.


If you play with the online multiplayer mode, you’ll be able to access 32 different songs. With Oculus Quest, you can create the best dance party anywhere you want, from your bedroom to the rooftops.

$30 FROM OCULUS

Apex Construct

While the Oculus Quest is great for short games, it has everything it needs to handle bigger story-driven games, too. Apex Construct is an exciting game set in the future, featuring live bow-and-shield combat. You’ll also be able to find occult messages and to get upgrades. Oculus Quest makes a gaming platform that is portable while staying true to the story. Apex Construct is an on-the-go, multilayered adventure story that features a more intense experience than Dance Central and BoxVR.

$20 FROM OCULUS

The best games on Steam
By Gabe Gurwin
November 23, 2020
Despite competing platforms like the Epic Games Store and Origin, Steam remains the place to play on PC. It’s easy to see why, too. Steam offers a larger library than any other DRM platform, but beyond that, it comes with a slew of extra goodies that other platforms can’t compete with. No matter if you want to look up an achievement guide or browse community-made mods, Steam has a feature for it. As long as you don’t mind a DRM platform, it’s usually best to buy PC games on Steam.

If you just built a gaming PC, or if you want a few more options to pad your library, here are the best games on Steam.

Further reading
The best free-to-play games on PC
The best single-player games on PC
The best multiplayer games on PC
Divinity: Original Sin II

Divinity: Original Sin II captures what Steam is all about. It’s a dense RPG with plenty of achievements and Steam trading cards, and it has a packed Steam community, with guides for everything from outfitting your character to choosing the proper weapon. Outside of deeply ingraining with Steam’s social features, Divinity: Original Sin II is just a great game. It’s a sprawling CRPG with a thoroughly engrossing story and deep, tactical combat. Even better, the Steam version supports cross-save with Nintendo Switch, so you can take your adventure on the go without losing any progress.

Civilization VI

Civilization VI — and all of the Civ games, for that matter — are deeply complex, 4X strategy games, but you’d never know that as a newcomer. Although there are plenty of tips and tricks to learn, Civilization VI is still accessible to someone new to the genre. That’s all the more impressive, considering the game doesn’t sacrifice any of the depth that strategy fans love. If you’re new, make sure to check out our leaders and cultures guide. That’ll give a good overview of how to play whatever leader you want.

Read our Civilization VI review

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive

It’s hard to choose a better Steam game than one made by the developers who made Steam. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive remains one of the most relevant competitive shooters, despite being nearly a decade old. CS:GO’s simplistic yet ruthlessly competitive multiplayer traps players in for hours on end. It’s a game where you want to play for just one more round. Valve recently moved CS:GO to a free-to-play model, too, so you can jump in on the action without spending any money.

Mordhau

Mordhau is a game that can only exist on PC. Instead of simply pressing a button to execute an attack, you must swing your mouse like you’d swing a medieval weapon. It’s a small difference, but it fundamentally changes how Mordhau plays. It’s a multiplayer medieval slasher, where you can compete with others in everything from small skirmishes to 64-player wars. Instead of just blind swinging, Mordhau offers a tactical approach with its 240 system. Other games, such as Chivalry Medieval Warfare, have gotten close, but Mordhau’s execution of this system is second to none.

Disco Elysium

Disco Elysium is a game about choice. The game starts when you, playing as a detective, wake up in a grungy motel without any indication of how you got there. Worse, you can’t even remember your own name. Things start to clear up when you meet your supposed partner in the motel lobby, who informs you that the two of you are there investigating a body hanging from a tree in the back. From there, it’s up to you to role-play how you want, building or destroying your character in any way you see fit.

Rocket League

Typically, sports games star digitized athletes who run around a field and attempt to score points, but Psyonix took a different a different approach with Rocket League. The soccer-like game places players in control of small rocket-boosted cars that zip across the pitch and ram head-first into giant soccer balls. What looks like a simple game requires a tremendous amount of practice and control, and that depth has helped keep its dedicated player-base engaged for years.

Dragon Ball FighterZ
Dragon Ball FighterZ review
Who would have thought that a Dragon Ball game released in 2018 would be one of 2018’s very best games? A tag-team fighter that uses an art style remarkably similar to the anime, Dragon Ball FighterZ is a blisteringly-fast game that still manages to be welcoming for newcomers – even those completely unfamiliar with the genre. Despite this, its depth has made it a favorite at esports events, and its large cast of characters means there are sure to be at least a few heroes you want to send into battle. It also has plenty of callbacks to famous Dragon Ball Z show moments that are sure to make fans very happy.

Read our full Dragon Ball FighterZ review

Grand Theft Auto V
best ps4 games grand theft auto v
Rockstar’s latest crime-causing social satire sold more than 100 million copies for a reason: Grand Theft Auto V is a magnificent, open-world action game with enough content to keep players busy for years. Many have willingly done so, enjoying its single-player content as well as the always-evolving Grand Theft Auto Online. The Steam version wasn’t available when the game first launched, but user-created content and mods have helped to make it the definitive version of the game.

Read our full Grand Theft Auto V review

Hitman 2
Hitman 2 Review
The Hitman series has always been at its best when it allows players to just experiment and see the craziest things they can do in its sandbox levels, and IO Interactive has never understood that more than in Hitman 2. The game only contains a few different locations, but all of them are endlessly replayable with different ways you can assassinate your target.

Want to throw someone into a pit of cement or have defense robots shoot your target so you don’t get your hands dirty? You can, or you could just shoot them or throw them off a roof like a “normal” assassin. The only limits here are in your imagination, and new “Elusive Targets” give you a reason to keep coming back.

Read our full Hitman 2 review

Dead Cells

One of the best action games of 2018, Dead Cells uses roguelike elements without conforming to the genre entirely. Its slick combat and challenging enemy design make it extremely addictive, even if you have to start from your original location when you happen to fall, and there are enough different weapon and ability combination to suit nearly any style of play. What it lacks in overt innovation it makes up for in execution, and Dead Cells’ clever secrets give you a reason to explore every nook and cranny of the environment.

Dishonored
Dishonored
Its sequels are also available on Steam, but the original Dishonored stands as the best game in the series because of the remarkable design of Dunwall – a Victorian-inspired city that has been brought to its knees by a plague. The dark and disturbing locations are sandboxes for creative stealth, and protagonist Corvo’s magical abilities let him take either non-lethal or very lethal approaches to any situation. You can avoid fighting by “blinking” from location to location, or you could pause time after someone fires a bullet, mind control them into walking in front of said bullet, and then watch them die. It’s your choice.

Read our full Dishonored review

Portal 2

It has been available for nearly a decade, but Valve’s Portal 2 remains one of the most engaging, hilarious, and creative video games ever made. Building on the portal-traveling premise of the original but with more complex puzzles, an even funnier storyline, and a charming new companion character, Portal 2 managed to smash the lofty expectations fans had, and it remains just as playable now as when it first released. User-created levels let you play others’ puzzles, and a separate cooperative mode makes it perfect to enjoy with a friend.


Read our full Portal 2 review

The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim

Sure, you can play The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim on just about any device imaginable at this point, but none of them can hold a candle to the PC version. With mod support, higher resolution, better textures, and even fan-made story content, it’s the definitive platform for Bethesda’s masterpiece. The Steam community is still active, too, with a laundry list of guides on how to make your copy look its best.


The role-playing adventure is set in one of the most gorgeous and fully-realized worlds ever made, filled with secrets to uncover and monsters to slay, and you can always make your own fun by causing chaos if you don’t want to do quests.

Read our full The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim review

The Witcher III: Wild Hunt

Very few developers can create a world as lifelike and “lived in” as CD Projekt Red, but the Polish studio’s role-playing game isn’t just a virtual sandbox – it also has one of the best-written stories in the medium, whether you’re enjoying the main quest or one of the game’s countless side missions. No two missions in The Witcher III are the same, and seeing everything the game has to offer can take hundreds of hours. It’s a testament to the game’s quality that many players are willing to spend that time.

Read our full The Witcher III: Wild Hunt review

Undertale

Toby Fox’s Undertale looks like a simple retro-inspired role-playing game at first glance, but that is merely a curtain, behind which a truly brilliant adventure hides. Subverting traditional role-playing conventions, Undertale manages to be a commentary on video games themselves, poking fun at character tropes, user interfaces, and combat mechanics while telling a hilarious story. It’s certainly not going to push the power of your PC – or Mac, as it runs on both – but it’s the type of game you won’t find anywhere else.

Planet Coaster

The RollerCoaster Tycoon series has been in total free-fall over the last several years, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t a great theme park simulation to play on Steam. Created by simulation masters Frontier Developments, Planet Coaster is everything you could want from a modern RollerCoaster Tycoon game, including detailed coaster creation and customization options, as well as the ability to micromanage every aspect of your park. We all know that means you’re going to try to kill your guests, but don’t just say that.

Stardew Valley

What do you do when you can’t wait any longer to play a full-fledged Harvest Moon sequel? If you’re designer Eric Barone, you just make your own game, instead. Stardew Valley may have aimed to continue the Harvest Moon legacy, but Barone’s game surpasses its inspiration with a colorful cast of characters, deep customization and crop options, gorgeous pixel artwork, and the charm and love that only a truly passionate creator could give a project. With multiplayer and consistent updates, Stardew Valley has only gotten better with age, too.

Garry’s Mod

Despite having “mod” right in the name, Garry’s Mod is a full game you can purchase on Steam – or, rather, it’s a collection of games. Designed with the Source engine technology used to power much of Valve’s library, Garry’s Mod gives you almost limitless control over the types of games you can create for it. “Prop Hunt” and “Trouble in Terrorist Town” are popular modes, pitting players against each other in meta-gaming matches that test their ability to tell truth from fiction, and they often end in hilariously terrible fashion for everyone involved.

Celeste

Story isn’t the main concern of most 2D platforming games; then again, Celeste isn’t a typical 2D platforming game. Protagonist Madeline has a surprisingly complex journey, with supernatural elements complicating her seemingly straightforward goal of summiting the titular mountain. Every stage in the game utilizes a simple air-dash ability, which transforms them into mini-puzzles. The ingenious design makes Celeste one of the most entertaining games available on Steam.

Read our full Celeste review

Superhot

It would be an insult to label Superhot as a first-person shooter because it’s one of the most unusual games to emerge from the genre. Although you can technically finish the game within seconds, you’re certain to die unless you fully utilize its main twist: in this techno-fiction landscape peppered with hackers and artificial intelligence, time only moves when you do. This caveat transforms Superhot into a strategy-based game, making it necessary to plan every move ahead of time.

Doom

Trapped in development hell for years, players didn’t have high hopes for 2016 Doom. Happily, ID Software triumphed by creating an engrossing first-person shooter that accounted for the first two games’ most popular aspects while leaving out the third game’s downfalls. Not exactly storyline driven, the game’s major purpose is killing demons with highly exciting attacks and special movements.

Read our full Doom review

The best Ubisoft games
By Joseph Yaden
November 23, 2020

 
Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Cat!
Since its foundation in 1986, French developer and publisher Ubisoft has worked on hundreds of games, spanning across multiple genres and generations of consoles. In its earlier days, the company focused on smaller titles, as well as a handful of games based on licenses such as Indiana Jones, Sesame Street, Batman, and even Charlie’s Angels. But Ubisoft has a tremendous catalog of original games such as the Far Cry, Rayman, Assassin’s Creed franchises, along with many others that put it on the map as one of the most prolific video game studios.

Ubisoft has a rich history spanning over three decades of games and we’ve compiled a list of its absolute best, from platformers, action games, and even some licensed titles.

Further Reading

Ubisoft’s digital E3-style showcase will stream on July 12
Ubisoft sues Apple, Google for allowing Rainbow Six: Siege clone on app stores
The bestselling games of all time
Rayman Legends

The Rayman games have always taken a backseat to the likes of Mario — at least from a commercial standpoint — but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t play them. In fact, some argue Rayman is the superior platformer, particularly citing 2013’s Rayman Legends as one of the best in its class. Whichever side of the fence you’re on, there’s no denying the absolute marvel of a game Legends is. Its visuals are a spectacle in and of themselves, and when combined with incredible music, and a plethora of content, you get Ubisoft’s absolute best platformer. It’s hard to believe it’s been seven years since its release. Let’s keep our fingers crossed for a new Rayman game for the PS5.

$22 FROM AMAZON $30 FROM BEST BUY

Rainbow Six: Siege

When it first launched in 2015, Rainbow Six Siege was light on content, though its foundation set the stage for what would become one of the best tactical shooters ever. Now, five years later, Siege is highly regarded — giving its community a smart online FPS, with an emphasis on teamwork and class-based competitive action. This isn’t your run-of-the-mill run action shooter. Instead, you must communicate with your team effectively, use the environment to your advantage, and make good use of your laundry list of gadgets to achieve victory. It’s a game that is still supported today, with a wealth of content to enjoy.

$20 FROM AMAZON $30 FROM GAMESTOP

Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time

Sadly, the Prince of Persia series has been dormant for around a decade now, but that doesn’t mean we can’t reminisce about The Sands of Time. It debuted in 2003 and introduced players to a blend of 3D platforming, fast-paced action, and a time rewind mechanic that made it stand out. It was a much darker take on the 3D action genre, which had only been around for a few years prior. Though it certainly shows its age today, The Sands of Time stands as one of Ubisoft’s most important games. You can clearly see the impact it’s had on the action platformer genre, even 17 years later. Like many games on this list, we’re hoping Ubisoft brings back Prince of Persia sometime soon, perhaps for the upcoming generation.

$10 FROM GAMESTOP

Far Cry 3

Far Cry had been around for nearly a decade before its third mainline entry popularized the series, and we’re glad it did. Much like certain films, Far Cry 3 portrayed a villain you’d practically root for, with the focus on narrative and believable performances stealing the show. And it was an absolute blast to play. There was something exciting and beautiful about exploring the deadly Rook Islands, which were full of creatures you were able to hunt to scavenge for parts. Make all the “it’s Skyrim with guns” jokes you’d like — Far Cry 3 is still one of the best single-player shooters out there, and the best in the series.

$23 FROM AMAZON $3 FROM GAMESTOP

Splinter Cell: Pandora Tomorrow

It’s not easy to pick which Splinter Cell game is the best. All of them have unique qualities that make them stand out in their own right, but we have to go with 2004’s Pandora Tomorrow. Numerous quality of life improvements from the original entry are found throughout, but the main draw is its exceptional multiplayer mode, that pit Spies vs Mercs. This threw players against one another in a balanced, nuanced, and diverse online gameplay experience. There was a period of time in which we’d get frequent entries in the Splinter Cell series every few years. Unfortunately, that time has passed, leaving us to pray to the Ubisoft gods for a new entry sometime soon.

Just Dance 2020

It’s easy to want to roll your eyes at Just Dance. Sure, you might look like an absolute buffoon while playing it, but that’s what makes it so much fun. And after 11 mainline entries and millions of copies sold, it’s a game that brings people together. The latest entry, Just Dance 2020, featured the All Stars mode, containing a playlist of fan-favorite songs from previous installments. And with the implementation of Just Dance Unlimited, which allows users to gain access to a streaming library of songs, it’s a game that features a hefty amount of content. Not since the peak of Guitar Hero and Rock Band has a game series come and swept its audience off their feet, giving its users a music-driven experience to share with others.

$26 FROM AMAZON $30 FROM BEST BUY


South Park: The Stick of Truth

South Park: The Stick of Truth has no business being as good as it is. In fact, if not for a few delays pushing its release into 2014, it would have been far worse. It somehow captures the essence of the beloved, long-running show, and combines it with easy to understand RPG mechanics, all in one condensed 12-ish hour experience. Thanks to the efforts of series creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker, who had a huge hand in the game’s development, it effectively feels like a new, interactive season of the show. The followup, South Park: The Fractured but Whole is an excellent companion to The Stick of Truth, as well.

$16 FROM AMAZON $15 FROM GAMESTOP

Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle

Speaking of licensed games that shouldn’t work well, Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle was one of the biggest surprises of 2017. A turn-based strategy Mario game not created by Nintendo, featuring the hideous Rabbids creatures, sounded weird. But somehow, it works, and is still one of the best games on the Nintendo Switch. It takes the quirkiness of Mario and the Rabbids and adds challenging grid-based gameplay that almost feels like XCOM, without the grittiness. Battle through four worlds as you enjoy the breezy graphics. But don’t be fooled by those colorful visuals — you’ll need to play smart to get through this one — an unexpected surprise to experienced gamers who love the Mario series.

$28 FROM AMAZON $15 FROM BEST BUY

Beyond Good & Evil

Who knows if we’ll ever get Beyond Good & Evil 2. In the meantime, we can still enjoy the original Beyond Good & Evil — a game that is still fondly remembered 17 years later. It’s a classic involving the story of martial artists and investigative journalist Jade, whose story continues to captivate Beyond Good & Evil fans. It’s also a game that expertly melds stealth mechanics, beautiful visuals, and smart puzzles, with an overarching rustic European style that ties everything together. The art direction alone makes it pop and with such a breadth of gameplay styles packed into it, there’s hardly a dull moment. It certainly looks and feels like a game from its era, and while those mechanics might not have aged as well, Beyond Good & Evil is still a classic.

Assassin’s Creed Origins

Ubisoft offers so many amazing games that choosing a single winner is almost an impossible task. However, at the end of the day, we can’t ignore the mysterious pull of Ancient Egypt and reinforced RPG mechanics that make Assassin’s Creed Origins stand out from the crowd.


In contrast to older Assassin’s Creed games, Origins takes the game back to the drawing board with earnable XP, a complete skill tree, and a free-form plot that doesn’t rely on linear quests. The game manages to evoke the originals’ feeling (it still features many of the old mechanics) while still presenting itself as a newer and better version.

One of the game’s most significant triumphs is its focus on complex combat, which is engaging while still being challenging. In summary, Assassin’s Creed Origins sets itself up as a classic while still keeping things fresh. You’ll find something new and exciting every time you play.

$22 FROM AMAZON $18 FROM GAMESTOP