PlayStation Now’s best games: 15 great places to start
An expansive list of some of PS Now’s best games

By Polygon Staff  Oct 16, 2020, 12:17pm EDT
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Part of Cloud Gaming in 2020
PlayStationPlayStation Now is kind of an odd duck in the world of cloud gaming. The service lets you either stream or download anything you’d like from a catalog of over 800 games, including many older titles along with the expected newer releases.

It’s a great way to inexpensively take a tour through the history and present of the entire PlayStation platform, and it’s absolutely worth the $10 monthly fee for the subscription (or $60 if you pay by the year).

That also means that creating a list of 15 games to try is a huge challenge, because there’s so much to go through, and they’re all so different. We tried to select a variety of games in a variety of genres to get you started right, to remind you of some games you might have forgotten, and to introduce you to some new games you might not have known much about.

That’s the joy of this kind of all-you-can-eat cloud gaming subscription service: Unlike with Stadia, you can play anything and everything without any additional fees, aside from the cost of the system itself and the subscription. It’s easy to browse and to give new games a shot. It’s a buffet, compared to Google’s approach of not requiring specific hardware but still charging on a per-game basis for most games.

Just be aware that most older (i.e., pre-PlayStation 4) games are playable only via streaming, since the PS4 isn’t backward-compatible with PlayStation, PlayStation 2, or PlayStation 3 games. (Some older games have been re-released on PS4.)

So let’s get started! Here are some great picks — available at the time of publish in the PlayStation Now library, which changes every month — if you’re frozen with indecision, looking at that huge list of games in front of you.

PREY

Prey is a game about identity, wrapped in the clothing of a first-person shooter.

Developed by Arkane Studios, the creators of Dishonored, Prey shares a similar heritage, even if the genes it expresses are different. Where Dishonored went back to the Thief series for inspiration, Prey takes its cues from the legendary development house Looking Glass’ other child — System Shock.

The result is a systems-driven adventure, one where levels are marginalized, supplanted instead by a believable, interconnected space station beset by an otherworldly force. When Prey seems the most at the whim of “modern” first-person game ideas, it struggles to make the best case for itself. But when Prey opens up enough to ask questions without easy answers, and to let you unravel its mysteries, it’s something much less common — and much more successful. —Arthur Gies

Read the full review

BLOODBORNE
A character with an ax is attacked by a huge dragon in Bloodborne
Image: FromSoftware/Sony Computer Entertainment
Bloodborne is frequently opaque, but the game’s bewildering design is appealing for a reason: It’s is the antitheses of the excessive tutorials and restrictive gating that are so commonplace in other games. When you do manage to decipher its lore and its cryptic rules, or manage to overcome some hard-fought challenge, it comes with the increased satisfaction that you’ve earned it. Longtime Souls players may blanch at its whittled-down customization options and highly focused scope. Newcomers will likely be shocked by its difficulty. But Bloodborne is some of the best work From Software’s ever done, a remarkable achievement and a shrewd turn from its Souls lineage. —Michael McWhertor

Read the full review

CONTROL
a woman floating in the air in a red room aims a gun at a monster in Control
Image: Remedy Entertainment/505 Games
Critics and players have raved about Remedy Entertainment’s Control, a third-person action game unlike any other. Here at Polygon, we called it both an artistic and a technical achievement. While it’s available on modern consoles, the game looks and runs best on a high-end PC, especially if you have an Nvidia RTX video card to enable real-time ray tracing.

As Jesse Faden, players enter a brutalist skyscraper in New York City only to uncover a mystery that would make the writers of The X-Files blush. The gunplay is exceptional, matched by sound design and animation flourishes that earned six nominations and one trophy at The Game Awards in 2019. But what ties it all together is a wild sense of humor and a relentlessly unnerving story that rewards exploration and mastery in equal measure.

The game can be a bit intimidating, especially its skill trees and somewhat cumbersome map. Check out our detailed guides section to get started. —Charlie Hall

Read the full review

SPELUNKY

Arguably more fascinating than the impact Spelunky has had on game design is the mark it has made on the lives of its players. See, you don’t beat Spelunky, as its final boss isn’t really its final boss. Nor is its last stage the end of the game. Completing Spelunky is more like finally learning how to swim or ride a bike — you’ve completed the initial hurdle, but the real fun is how you apply your skill next.

Speedrunners have treated it like a gymnasium, concocting a variety of challenging obstacle courses, then accomplishing them at eye-melting speed. Modders have filled it with beloved characters and new stages. And streamers have mined it for secrets that I’m not entirely sure its creator ever expected people to find.

In 2013, game designer Douglas Wilson unpacked what he called the “most fascinating video game moment” of the year: the solo Eggplant run. “At its core,” wrote Wilson, “the solo Eggplant run is a thrilling story about how livestreaming is changing video games in radical and exciting ways; how the internet has finally triumphed over Spelunky’s creators, Derek Yu and Andy Hull; how mastery can lead to a beautiful kind of performance, showcasing the value of gaming as human culture. And it hinges on a mysterious eggplant.” —Chris Plante

Read why Spelunky is the most important game of the decade

DEAD CELLS
sunlight streams through a barred window in Dead Cells
Image: Motion Twin
Dead Cells is often going to be called a combination of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Dark Souls. That description is not as accurate as it may initially seem, especially since every round starts you off in the same place. If Dead Cells is a Metroidvania, it’s one that has been filtered through Spelunky.

[Note: Polygon originally reviewed the early access version of Dead Cells in May 2018. This review was written with the author having never played any of the early access releases, nor having read the original review.]

But it is a pastiche, and has few new ideas of its own. Which isn’t a criticism; new ideas are often overrated as a measure of new releases. What’s important is that Dead Cells steals good ideas from beloved games and executes them well, mixing well-worn concepts together in a way that feels familiar in tone and content, yet still provides the thrill of exploration and progress. Describing a game by listing other games or genres it resembles can sometimes be lazy, but in this case it feels appropriate. —Ben Kuchera

Read the full review

DISHONORED 2
a bunch of rats attack two guards in Dishonored 2
Image: Arkane Studios/Bethesda Softworks
Dishonored 2 is a first-person stealth-ish game set in the Empire of the Isles, a Dickensian steampunk fiction full of wonders and nightmares alike, where technology and science are powered by oil harvested from a whale population being driven to extinction. Sitting next to a miraculous era of industrial revolution is a shadow world of dark, ritual magic and mysterious, godlike powers.

Amid this unstable collision of progress and the past sits the Empress of the Isles, Emily Kaldwin, daughter of the murdered Jessamine Kaldwin and the disgraced-then-redeemed Royal Protector, Corvo Attano. As whispers and rumors seek to undermine the throne, the empire is thrown into chaos as the Duke of the island of Serkonos and a powerful witch named Delilah stage a violent coup.

This all happens almost immediately, and at this point, Dishonored 2 gives you a choice — to play as Dishonored’s protagonist, the Royal Protector Corvo, or as his daughter, the Empress Emily. Once you make your call, things happen quickly, and your chosen character must escape Dunwall, unravel the conspiracy at hand, retake the throne and save their only remaining family. —Arthur Gies

Read the full review

JOURNEY

In 1972, NASA scientists stuck a plaque on the Pioneer 10 space probe with information about human body structure, our sun’s relative location in the galaxy and a graphic depiction of hydrogen.

A crash course on human civilization for an alien race to discover. If NASA asked me today what they should send into deep space for a crash course on video games, I would suggest Journey.

Journey is a third-person adventure game. You command a red-robed being who wakes up in the middle of a desert, with no knowledge of how they got there. Buffeted by harsh winds on all sides, you have no choice but to push forward, up a massive sand dune. The summit reveals a sea of headstones scattered in the distance, leading toward a mountain with a powerful light shining from the top of it. Without a word uttered, your goal is clear.

That goal should be within reach to anyone who can hold a controller, courtesy of Journey’s design. Controls are limited to moving, jumping and shouting. Shouting emits a long or short pulse from your body, collecting energy needed to navigate the desert’s many obstacles. Control is explained with subtle diagrams at the beginning of Journey, so even controller-confused newcomers should have no trouble navigating its sandy expanses. —Russ Frushtick

Read the full review

FANTAVISION

Listen, I’m not saying Fantavision is very good, because it’s not. It’s a fireworks-themed puzzle game that was one of the few titles released alongside the PlayStation 2 when the system launched in 2000. It’s a bit of an oddity, remembered mostly for being one of the console’s more random launch titles. Now’s your chance to get some firsthand knowledge of what the game was actually like when people bring up that fireworks game from 20 years ago.

It’s PlayStation history! —Ben Kuchera

GOD OF WAR: GHOST OF SPARTA

Building upon its experience developing Chains of Olympus, Ready at Dawn managed to make a more expansive portable follow-up. While it featured tweaks to combat (including a new “fire meter” that allowed Kratos to multiply damage), God of War: Ghost of Sparta’s proudest achievement came from its narrative, which gripped players with an emotionally charged tale of Kratos’ search for his long-lost brother. This simpler, more intimate story managed to surprise at times, and resolved with some genuine character growth for Kratos. While the game was released after God of War 3’s hollow everything-and-the-kitchen-sink adventure, Ghost of Sparta showed that there was still an emotional depth worth exploring in the red-and-white Spartan. —Joseph Knoop

Read our ranking of the God of War games

OLLIOLLI

OlliOlli is unique in how doggedly it pursues a single idea; a single feeling that only a few games have ever managed to conjure up. With almost unparalleled focus, OlliOlli explores the concept of flow — the kind of combo-driven rhythm that, at times, can become a thing of trancelike, involuntary reflex.

It’s a lofty and pretty abstract idea; and one that’s not necessarily bound to skateboarding games, either. Combos can be subconscious routines across countless genres, from games like Killer Instinct to Guitar Hero — but OlliOlli tackles the subject head-on, with a comparatively limited scope.

OlliOlli achieves that laser-like focus with a control scheme that’s extremely limited, but no less difficult to master. As your skater hurtles downhill, you can execute tricks with the left stick, which can be rotated in any direction to perform different grabs or flips. By holding a trigger, you can augment those tricks with spins — though you can’t land a trick while you’re rotating. The left stick also latches you onto appropriate surfaces for grinds, and the cross button lets you land your stunts as you hit the ground. —Griffin McElroy

Read the full review

LIMBO
A boy runs across a black and white landscape towards two people
Image: Playdead
It’s a dark but beautiful adventure with plenty of puzzles, surprises, and grisly deaths that nonetheless always feels fresh and exciting, and also one of those games I feel that everyone should at least try. Limbo is likely one of gaming’s greatest haunted houses, and I envy anyone who gets to try it for the first time in 2020. —Ben Kuchera

NIDHOGG

Fighting games usually offer the simple objective of killing (or at least severely injuring) your opponent. In Nidhogg, the death of your foe is the beginning, kicking off an intense game of tug-of-war that more closely resembles the NFL than it does Street Fighter. It’s a remarkably inventive game that may not be very welcoming at first. But once embraced, Nidhogg reveals its creativity and depth.

To understand Nidhogg, you must wrap your head around its unusual rules. Each match starts with two players facing each other in a small, 2D arena, each armed with a fencing sword known as an épée. This standoff ends when one player kills the other, whether through an unblocked stab or by knocking their foe to the ground and ripping out their heart.

The killer is then on offense. A large arrow points in the direction of the killer’s endzone while the initial victim continually respawns in their way. If the opponent manages to score a kill, they go on offense and the arrow flips to the other direction. If someone’s able to reach their own endzone, they are declared the winner. Then a large sky worm eats them.

Seriously. —Russ Frushtick

Read the full review

THE LAST OF US

The Last of Us mines the same post-apocalyptic scenario as dozens of other games, but its approach is starkly its own. It paints a vision of a near-future that is cold, heartless and, in many cases, downright evil. It’s not a fun place to be, and likewise, the game isn’t really a fun thing to play.

Developer Naughty Dog’s commitment to this dark, depressing tone is alternately impressive and frustrating. The Last of Us actively fought any enjoyment I might have gained from it — from its oppressive world to its inconsistent mechanics. Being anything but fun might be the point, but The Last of Us doesn’t always make that point gracefully.

The Last of Us stars Joel, a grizzled, middle-aged survivor of a fungal plague which turns its victims into homicidal monsters. Joel is living out his life in a military-protected quarantine zone on the east coast. In the midst of a smuggling operation, he meets Ellie, a 14-year-old girl trying to make her way west for mysterious reasons. Circumstance brings them together, and they set off on a dangerous cross-country journey. —Phil Kollar

Read the full review

WOLFENSTEIN 2: THE NEW COLOSSUS
Wolfenstein 2: The New Colossus - Nazis preparing to torture prisoner
Image: MachineGames/Bethesda Softworks
The New Colossus will show you amazing, surreal sights during its single-player campaign. That campaign is the game, for better or worse, and developer MachineGames wasn’t nervous about creating something that would make people talk. There is horrific violence, but there is also a Nazi soldier quizzing members of the Ku Klux Klan about their German lessons.

The Klan, you see, was pretty happy to work with the Nazis in the Southern states in this alternate history. As B.J.’s dad said, you can make a pretty good life for yourself if you play by their rules. So why not go along to get along? Inform on your neighbors. Give up family members. Make a good name for yourself.

It’s a white man’s world, after all. And it turns out that a lot of white men in America are happy to take it back, even if it means working with the Reich.

If its beginning is oppressive and brutal, Wolfenstein 2 often feels strangely unforgiving in its embrace of violence and joyous in its embrace of humanity — even if that humanity is forced to exist in the cracks of the new world order. —Ben Kuchera

Read the full review

BROTHERS: A TALE OF TWO SONS

We’ve often heard the idiom “they’re sharing a brain” applied to siblings who are exceptionally close, each seeming to know what the other is thinking or feeling without exchanging a word. But developer Starbreeze (of The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay and The Darkness) asks a difficult question: What happens when that bond is tested?

Two unnamed siblings, referred to only as Little Brother and Big Brother, are united by a common quest: to find a cure for their father’s mysterious ailment. Thrust out of their village and into a gorgeous storybook-reality, their only weapons are their minds, and their only resource is each other.

You’d be forgiven for thinking it sounds like a cooperative game, but Brothers is actually something much more. The player controls both brothers simultaneously, each mapped to a thumbstick. As that makes pressing any face buttons impossible, every action from “grab the ledge above” to “play the harp” is performed with the triggers. —Justin McElroy 

Read the full review

The 22 best Nintendo Switch games
Just got a Switch? Here are the games you should pick up

By Russ Frushtick@RussFrushtick  Updated Nov 4, 2020, 3:51pm EST
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Looking for the best games on the Nintendo Switch? What follows is a living list of the 22 Nintendo Switch games we recommend everyone play or watch, in case you’re new to the system or just want something new to play.

Why 22 games, though? Good question! It’s a solid number of titles, spread across a variety of genres, with selections for families, children, and adults. But 22 isn’t an overwhelming number, and we wanted to focus on the best of the best for this guide to the essential releases of the platform. Find something you like, and see what you think. And just in case you get stuck, we’ve included a link to our guide for each game when possible, just in case you need a little help.

And if the list of 22 games up top isn’t enough for you, check out a few extra recommendations we threw in at the bottom. The Switch is one of Nintendo’s most popular consoles in some time, with a game library to match. Take a look — we hope you find something you like.


Polygon Essentials is a collection of persistently updated lists of the best of the best games for each platform — from the hardware’s launch to its end of production — as well as the best entertainment across virtually every medium. For folks new to a platform, think of this as a starter kit. For long-term fans, consider it a list of what to play or watch next. We’ll be updating these lists often, with entries listed in reverse chronological order. To see a collection of other titles we recommend that might not have made the Essentials lists, check out Polygon Recommends.

Vox Media has affiliate partnerships. These do not influence editorial content, though Vox Media may earn commissions for products purchased via affiliate links. For more information, see our ethics policy.

ORI AND THE WILL OF THE WISPS
Ori and a spider in Ori and the Will of the Wisps
Image: Moon Studios/Microsoft Game Studios, iam8bit
In a stunning achievement, yet another gorgeous Xbox One and Windows game has made the jump to Switch. This time it’s Ori and the Will of the Wisps, the fantastic sequel to the original Ori and the Blind Forest, also available on Switch. Both games are great takes on the Metroidvania genre, but the sequel is a bit more expansive in scope and approachable in difficulty. It also doesn’t require much in the way of past knowledge, but if you’d rather get the full story, starting with the first one is a solid option.

Perhaps most impressive about the Switch port of Wisps is that it’s able to capture the stunning artistry of the game on a far less powerful platform. Sure, it’s in higher resolutions elsewhere, but the spirit of this world is perfectly captured on Switch, whether you’re playing in handheld mode or on the big screen. It’s an unmissable experience.

Get it here: Nintendo eShop

CLUBHOUSE GAMES: 51 WORLDWIDE CLASSICS
All of the games you can play in Clubhouse Games on Switch
Image: NDCube/Nintendo
Yeah, you might have a bunch of these board games lying around your house, but the magic of Clubhouse Games on Switch is the sheer convenience of it. There’s no tracking down the missing rook from your chess set or trying to remember where you hid your poker chips. You won’t have to worry about stepping on a dart in the dark of night, either.

Better still, if you happen to have multiple Switches in the house, multiplayer is possible with just one copy of the game, thanks to a free Clubhouse Games multiplayer app in the eShop. Suddenly setting up an intense bout of mahjongg isn’t quite so intimidating!

Oh, there’s also a piano for some reason.

Get it here: Amazon | Best Buy | Walmart | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

BURNOUT PARADISE
A car crashes in Burnout Paradise on Switch
Image: Criterion Games/Electronic Arts
You may be surprised to learn that there are very few great racing games on the Nintendo Switch. And if you’re looking for something a little more grounded in reality than Mario Kart, well, your options dwindle even further. Thankfully there’s Burnout Paradise.

Now granted, there’s nothing super realistic about Burnout Paradise, given the arcade-y physics, but you’re not dodging shells or bananas, so that’s something.

Paradise happens to be one of the finest racing games ever made and the port on Switch is stellar, with all of the features that the original had, including the mandatory 60 fps and online multiplayer. The open world, bite-sized races make it great for pick-up, put-down play in handheld mode, and it scales up nicely on the TV as well. It’s genuinely the only racing game on Switch that gives Mario Kart a run for its coins.

Get it here: Nintendo eShop

STREETS OF RAGE 4
Punching in a subway in Streets of Rage 4
Image: Dotemu, Guard Crush Games, Lizardcube/Dotemu
The beat-’em-up genre has long since passed its heyday in the mid-’90s, but there are still those who long for scrolling screens filled with muscled roughnecks swinging pipes around. On the surface, Streets of Rage 4 appears to hew quite closely to these roots, but thanks to updated fighting mechanics and graphics, it’s actually far more modern than an initial glance would let on.

You can still play through the game’s campaign on the easier settings to get that old-school arcade vibe, but cranking the difficulty up makes it play more like a classic fighting game than a mindless brawler. Playing with friends, both offline and on, is highly recommended, making you feel like you’re taking a trip back to the days of Nirvana and Home Alone.

Get it here: Nintendo eShop

ANIMAL CROSSING: NEW HORIZONS
Standing in flowers in Animal Crossing: New Horizons
Image: Nintendo EPD/Nintendo via Polygon
You find yourself on a deserted island and a large raccoon presents you with a house mortgage. Welcome to Animal Crossing: New Horizons, one of the most bizarre — yet broadly appealing — games on the Nintendo Switch.

The series has always been about living among animal villagers while completing simple tasks like fishing and bug catching. But New Horizons, with its gorgeous graphics and incredible customization options, has really stepped the franchise up dramatically. The entire island is now open to customization, letting you place everything from the placement of rivers to the design printed on vendor stalls that line your streets.

New Horizons is also profoundly kid-friendly, allowing youngsters to create their own homes on a shared, family island. If you’re looking to connect with people outside of your family unit, there’s full online connectivity for up to eight players at once.

Looking for a chill experience to wind down after a rough day? There’s really no better option than Animal Crossing: New Horizons.

Get it here: Amazon | Best Buy | Walmart | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

POKÉMON SWORD AND SHIELD
A Pokémon trainer sends out her Raboot in Pokémon Sword and Shield
Image: Game Freak, The Pokémon Company/Nintendo
Nintendo’s first Pokémon game on the Switch — Let’s Go! Eevee/Pikachu — was a solid remake of the original 1998 Pokémon adventure. But it wasn’t a brand-new game. Pokémon Sword and Shield is exactly that, with a new cast of monsters to catch and a new world to explore.

RELATED

Pokémon Sword & Shield guide - Polygon
Granted, there’s been a lot of drama about the fact that not every single Pokémon from every previous game is available in Sword and Shield. But if that’s not a deal-breaker for you, you’ll find a really delightful journey here. The game’s new region, Galar, is inspired by the United Kingdom, with all its rolling hills, lakes, and forests just teeming with adorable beasties.

Hardcore Pokémon fans will appreciate enhanced endgame features like the Battle Tower and breeding functionality. But for everyone else, the 20- to 30-hour adventure is filled with fun characters and beautiful vistas, making it feel like a true trip abroad.

Get it here: Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Walmart | Nintendo eShop

LUIGI’S MANSION 3
King Boo chases Luigi in Luigi’s Mansion 3
Image: Next Level Games/Nintendo
Luigi’s capricious series has only seen three entries since 2001, but the latest on Switch is the strongest by far. Rather than a mansion, Luigi has to clear a haunted motel of ectoplasmic beasts in a quest to save Mario, Peach, and a handful of Toads.

RELATED

Luigi's Mansion 3 guide - Polygon
Mechanically, the game hasn’t changed much over the last 19 years. Luigi still slowly creeps from room to room looking for levers to pull and ghosts to suck up in his vacuum. But thanks to the increased power of the Switch, the rooms are now filled with all sorts of fun junk to suck up and swing around, which is enormously satisfying.

Kid-friendly themes and co-op support throughout the campaign also make this a great pick if you’ve got a youngster in your life. Even kids as young as 5 should be able to handle the low-stakes role of Gooigi, Luigi’s bizarre, intangible alter ego.

Get it here: Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Walmart | Nintendo eShop

THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT
Geralt looking sad in the Switch version of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
Image: CD Projekt Red/CD Projekt
The announcement that The Witcher 3 was coming to Switch was greeted with shock and wonder. Even though the makers of another massive open-world RPG, Skyrim, had pulled off the feat, The Witcher 3 was even more visually ambitious than Bethesda’s game. Would it even be playable? Apparently so!

RELATED

A Witcher primer: What you need to know to play The Witcher 3
The Witcher 3 on Switch isn’t quite the stunner that it is on the PC, PlayStation 4, or Xbox one. But it’s still quite playable, and having one of the greatest RPGs ever made in a portable format is a huge perk. Geralt’s main quest is easily 60 hours long, but with the added DLC, you’re looking at something that’s liable to take 100 hours to complete, if not more. With a game that big, it’s always nice to be able to chill on the couch while hunting for herbs.

If you’ve been fiending for something to fill the Breath of the Wild-sized hole in your heart, The Witcher 3 fits the bill admirably.

Get it here: Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Walmart | Nintendo eShop

FIRE EMBLEM: THREE HOUSES
Bernadetta aims a curved arrow shot at an enemy in Fire Emblem: Three Houses
Image: Intelligent Systems, Koei Tecmo Games/Nintendo
The Fire Emblem franchise is a bizarre amalgam of many genres, from strategy to relationship simulator. The first Switch installment, Fire Emblem: Three Houses, maintains the strong strategy roots while fleshing out the events between battles. There’s now a fully explorable school where players can interact with their units, give them presents, and even take them to tea! The academy succeeds in making players feel emotionally attached to these characters, which makes losing them in combat even more brutal.

RELATED

Fire Emblem: Three Houses beginner’s guide
The game’s three campaigns are massive, each taking around 50 hours to complete, with plenty of branching options and multiple endings. The sheer length of it makes it a perfect fit on Switch, where it’s easy to stop and start at a moment’s notice.

If you’re looking for a strategy epic with the scope of Game of Thrones (but with more tea parties), Fire Emblem: Three Houses succeeds mightily.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Target | Nintendo eShop

SUPER MARIO MAKER 2
Mario jumping over water in Super Mario Maker 2
Image: Nintendo EPD/Nintendo
When it comes to game design, you may think it’s best to leave it up to the professionals. But Super Mario Maker 2 proves that even the least capable among us have a level or two up their sleeves. The game’s approachable controls and interface make tossing together your own Mario creation a breeze. Plus, being able to do it all on the go with the Switch means you can utilize the touchscreen for faster placement and better precision.

If designing levels isn’t your thing, Super Mario Maker 2 comes with its own batch of Nintendo-made stages. It also allows you to play an unending supply of fan-created levels, siphoning only the best creations to the top of your list.

Fans of the 2D Mario era will love all the unique twists to classic mechanics, and a strong online community means there should be plenty of levels for years to come.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Target | Nintendo eShop

CADENCE OF HYRULE
Link fighting enemies in a dungeon in Cadence of Hyrule: Crypt of the NecroDancer featuring The Legend of Zelda
Image: Brace Yourself Games/Nintendo
Nintendo tends to be pretty cautious with its franchises, which makes the arrival of Cadence of Hyrule: Crypt of the NecroDancer featuring The Legend of Zelda such a nice surprise. Handing the reins of the Zelda franchise to an independent developer seems like a risky move, but when that indie has the proven chops of a game like Crypt of the NecroDancer, it’s a much safer bet.

Cadence adopts NecroDancer’s core gameplay mechanic: Movement and action can only happen on the beat of the soundtrack. Enemies are forced to obey these rules too, so you end up having a foot-tapping ballet where Zelda’s heroes are effortlessly bouncing around the screen, slicing moblins in time with some wicked remixed tracks. (You can also set it to ignore the music, making the enemies move only when you do.)

Gorgeous 2D artwork and that brilliantly remixed score make the package feel like it was made by an in-house Nintendo team. Toss in a fully randomized map, making each adventure feel fresh, and you begin to realize: There’s never been a better Zelda spinoff.

Get it here: Nintendo eShop

BABA IS YOU
‘Baba is You and Sink’ in Baba Is You
Image: Hempuli Oy
Baba Is You looks like it could have come out 30 years ago. Its graphics are easily within the scope of what the NES could pump out. Despite that, it’s an incredibly modern puzzle game, turning established video game concepts on their ear in incredible ways.

The basics: Baba is a rabbit. Move Baba to a flag to complete a map. But moving blocks of words on the map (like “Wall is Stop”) will change the parameters of what Baba is capable of (or even change Baba himself).

The best puzzle games seem incredibly simple at first glance, but beneath the surface, Baba Is You is a fascinating dissection of the genre. With just a handful of parameters, it manages to create an approachable yet mind-bending experience. There aren’t a ton of puzzle games on Switch, but Baba Is You is one of the best.

Get it here: Amazon | Nintendo eShop

SUPER SMASH BROS. ULTIMATE
Link fighting Ness in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
Image: Bandai Namco Studios, Sora Ltd./Nintendo
There’s a kitchen-sink aspect to the latest installment of Super Smash Bros. Every single character, stage, and item that has ever appeared in the franchise returns in this outrageously scoped package.

Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is the most ambitious multiplayer game Nintendo has ever made, but despite the scale, it’s incredibly friendly to newcomers. You’ll start out with just eight characters to choose from, slowly building the gang up to over 70 contenders. A new single-player mode offers up a nice way to experiment with unplayed characters while collecting hundreds of artifacts from gaming history.

RELATED

Smash Bros. Ultimate guide - Polygon
If you’re having friends over, this and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe are must-haves for your Switch. Just make sure you have enough controllers.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Target | Nintendo eShop

DIABLO 3: ETERNAL COLLECTION
three-player action in Diablo 3: Eternal Collection
Image: Blizzard Entertainment
Blizzard first released Diablo 3 six years ago on Mac and Windows PC, and followed with ports on a variety of consoles. And yet, outside of dragging a laptop and mouse around, there’s never been a truly portable version of the game. The Switch release changes that with this masterful edition.

In addition to offering all of the content (both free and paid) that Blizzard has released for Diablo 3, the Switch version allows for frictionless multiplayer. Through single Joy-Con play, you and a friend can set up same-system co-op in seconds. Online multiplayer is also supported, if you’re looking for a crowd.

But even solo, Diablo 3 on Switch feels excellent, both in docked and handheld mode. While the developers made some visual concessions, Diablo 3 is able to maintain a stable 60 frames per second, which is crucial to the game’s smooth feel.

Diablo 3’s arrival on Switch is fantastic, filling a much-needed hack-and-slash hole in the console’s library.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | GameStop | Best Buy | Nintendo eShop

TOWERFALL
TowerFall on Nintendo Switch
Image: Matt Makes Games
The Switch was designed with multiplayer in mind. Outside of first-party Nintendo releases, few games take better advantage of same-system multiplayer than TowerFall. At first glance, TowerFall appears to be a 2D clone of Super Smash Bros. In truth, it’s even more approachable than Nintendo’s brawler. Heroes equipped with arrows engage in minutelong battles to the death, using stomps, dodges, and jump pads to slaughter their competition.

The bright, colorful graphics pop so well that a group of four players crowded around a tiny Switch screen can still play easily, enjoying a range of multiplayer matches without losing sight of their own character and their competitors. Dollar for dollar, TowerFall may be the best competitive multiplayer game on Switch, so if you’re looking to make some enemies, look no further.

Get it here: Best Buy | Nintendo eShop

INTO THE BREACH
Into the Breach - laser attack
Image: Subset Games
The Switch’s portable nature makes it a perfect fit for turn-based strategy games, which let you take a break at just about any time. Into the Breach is unquestionably one of the best the genre has seen in recent years. This 2D isometric strategy game has you commanding mechs as they battle against a force of giant bugs.

Despite the simple graphics, there’s an incredible amount of depth and strategy in Into the Breach, with every single decision requiring a cost-benefit analysis. And yet, none of this ever feels overwhelming or frustrating. It’s a master class in presentation, giving you just the information you need at any given time.


The 2D graphics also mean you’ll get plenty of juice out of your Switch, which can be a little iffy in terms of battery life for 3D games. If you’re looking to erase a long flight or commute, Into the Breach has you covered.

Get it here: Amazon | Nintendo eShop

CELESTE
Celeste - pink and purple background
Image: Matt Makes Games
The so-called masocore genre consists of games that require you to die over and over again until you’re able to best a stage. These games are rarely inviting, but Celeste breaks that mold with gorgeous 2D artwork and a heartfelt storyline to pull you through. It also features an “assist mode,” letting players select from a variety of modifiers to make the game easier.

Despite its welcoming nature, it’s also incredibly punishing, if that’s what you’re looking for. The game’s main campaign isn’t too brutal, but upon completion, it unlocks a handful of levels that would challenge even the most dedicated platforming veterans.


In that way, Celeste manages to be all things to all people: a casual, story-centric adventure and a super intense, hardcore platformer, all in one.

Get it here: Walmart | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

HOLLOW KNIGHT
leaping to a platform above purple crystals in Hollow Knight
Image: Team Cherry
It took a little while for Hollow Knight to finally arrive on Switch after a successful launch on PC, but that delay paid off. It may be the greatest Metroidvania ever made, and it has found a perfect home, especially when played in handheld mode.


There’s a level of copy-and-paste roteness to games of this genre, but Hollow Knight manages to create a handcrafted world that is massive, eerie, and beautiful, all the while adding to the Metroidvania formula in a number of unexpected ways. And since it’s a 2D game, you can explore this world for lengthy play sessions without worrying that your Switch’s battery will die within an hour or two.

Get it here: Amazon | Walmart | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

SUPER MARIO ODYSSEY
Super Mario Odyssey - Bowser with Tiara in his hand
Image: Nintendo EPD/Nintendo
Using the building blocks of Super Mario 64, Super Mario Galaxy, and its sequel, Super Mario Odyssey layers in a new range of movements for our favorite plumber. By combining jumps, dodges, and a springboard-esque hat named Cappy, Mario is as nimble as ever. By far our favorite bit of acrobatics involves Mario tucking up in a tight ball and tumbling through the world like a small boulder.

RELATED

Super Mario Odyssey guide - Polygon
But the real twist to Mario Odyssey is the ability to take command of enemies, including the deviously satisfying Pokio, a bird that uses its nose to stab into surfaces before flinging itself upward. It feels so good that I’d fully support a Pokio-led spinoff.

Odyssey is a reminder that Nintendo can still reinvent Mario in interesting ways, more than 35 years since he first battled Donkey Kong.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

STARDEW VALLEY
A typical scene from Stardew Valley, including a stable area and a field of crops.
Image: ConcernedApe/Chucklefish
The hardest part of Stardew Valley is getting over the hump that you’re paying money for a farming game. Once you do that, you will quickly find yourself and your hours melting away.

Created almost entirely by a single designer, Stardew Valley places you in the role of a new farm owner on the edge of a small town. What starts simple (hoeing the dirt, planting seeds, watering seeds), slowly unravels into a far bigger experience, as you build relationships, explore dungeons, and participate in events that bring the world to life.

The experience has found no better home than on the Switch, where basic duties can be performed on a mass-transit commute with no loss of fidelity or satisfaction. It’s soothing and Zen-like, a perfect way to wind down after a long day. And yet, at higher levels of play, it can be surprisingly strategic and challenging.

Get it here: Walmart | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

MARIO KART 8 DELUXE
Mario aiming a green shell at Bowser Jr. in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe
Image: Nintendo EPD/Nintendo
It’s obviously a point of contention, but I believe Mario Kart 8 is the greatest installment of the franchise thus far. Unfortunately, it came out on the Wii U, a console that barely anybody owned.

Its arrival on Switch ensures that the most important aspect of Mario Kart is maintained: easy multiplayer. While there are plenty of single-player challenges to keep people busy, Mario Kart has always been a party game franchise, and the fact that every Switch is already packing two controllers is an instant boon.

RELATED

Mario Kart 8 Deluxe guide - Polygon
If you happen to have a few more controllers (or better yet, friends with a Switch or two), it’s remarkably easy to get a squad of four, six, or even eight people in the same tournament together. All without the hassle of having wires strewn about your living room.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: BREATH OF THE WILD
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - Link on horseback riding toward two horses
Image: Nintendo EPD/Nintendo via Polygon
This is the best Zelda game ever made, and unquestionably the best game on the Nintendo Switch. Tomes could be filled with the glories levied upon Breath of the Wild, so rather than repeat those, I wanted to focus on one specific thing that’s remarkable. You can run in a straight line from one end of the map to the other without stopping or seeing a load screen (assuming you’re well-equipped and don’t hit, say, a patch of lava).

RELATED

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild guide and walkthrough - Polygon
Why is this a big deal? Because it offers players the incredible freedom to climb over anything in their way — including entire mountain ranges. Most games don’t trust players enough to let them run roughshod over a carefully designed game world, but Nintendo gives you the reins with the first hour.

This freedom persists throughout Breath of the Wild, giving players a toolkit to interact with the world in wild, unpredictable ways. Folks have spent hours coming up with ways to abuse the physics of the world, but they all work within the ruleset that Nintendo laid out. In short, it’s all part of the plan. And that plan is masterfully executed.

Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

OTHER RECOMMENDED SWITCH GAMES
Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
Get it here: Nintendo eShop

Dead Cells
Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

Divinity: Original Sin 2
Get it here: Amazon | Nintendo eShop

Tetris 99
Get it here: Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Walmart | Nintendo eShop

Golf Story
Get it here: Walmart | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop

SteamWorld Quest: Hand of Gilgamech
Get it here: Nintendo eShop

New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe
Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Target | Nintendo eShop

Pokémon: Let’s Go, Pikachu!/Eevee!
Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | GameStop | Best Buy | Nintendo eShop

Fortnite
Get it here: Nintendo eShop

Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle
Get it here: Walmart | Amazon | Best Buy | GameStop | Nintendo eShop 