The best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC
There's so much more than just Vermintide


What are the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2? Having a group of friends alongside you can make even bad games bearable, so when a game is great in the first place, you can end up with something truly memorable. Co-op is one thing, but there’s a certain elusive subgenre – arguably codified by Valve’s 2008 shooter Left 4 Dead – that just scratches an itch other co-operative games can’t.

Usually featuring teams of up to four players, complimentary classes with varied abilities and skill trees, and sporadic hordes of some horror or other trying to ruin your day, these games all share similar DNA. ‘Left-likes’, ‘Dead-likes’, and ‘4-likes’ are three descriptors literally no-one has ever used before and will never use again because they’re all terrible, but you probably get what we’re talking about by now.

If you’ve had your fill of genre mainstays, it can be hard to find others to scratch the itch, but we’ve got your itchy back, like a giant back-scratcher made of words. So, choose your classes, your loadouts, your flavour of horde, and, for goodness sake, do your best to keep your medic alive. Here’s our picks for the very best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC.

BEST GAMES LIKE LEFT 4 DEAD AND PAYDAY 2
Here are the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC:

Deep Rock Galactic
Hunt: Showdown
Killing Floor 2
Left 4 Dead 2
Vermintide 2
Payday 2
Gunfire Reborn


DEEP ROCK GALACTIC
Landing somewhere between the co-operative teamwork of Left 4 Dead and Payday 2, and the fully-destructible environments of Minecraft, Deep Rock Galactic sees you and up to three friends playing as (and savour this sentence, as it doesn’t come up every day) mining space dwarves. Each mission has you delve deep into subterranean caves rife with hostile alien flora and fauna, and it’s up to your team to mine precious minerals and complete objectives, before performing a tense and dangerous exfiltration. The more dwarves that make it out alive, the greater the rewards, which you can then spend on character and equipment upgrades.

It’s hard to pin down exactly what makes Deep Rock Galactic so special, as it’s very much more than the sum of its parts. Four wildly different, complimentary classes with a minecart full of different upgrades means tons of variety, but there’s a level of detail, polish, and imagination poured into every facet. There’s also a bar you can drink and dance in between missions. Did we mention space dwarves?



HUNT: SHOWDOWN
Hunt: Showdown is somewhat of a wild card in this list, but that’s by design. It’s hard to pin it down with other games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2, simply because there aren’t any other games exactly like Hunt: Showdown out there. Combining PvP, PvE, PvPvE, and various other, steadily-more complex acronyms, Hunt: Showdown’s darkly atmospheric matches are something truly original.

Combining an unsettling Wild West aesthetic with nightmarish creatures, Hunt: Showdown feels like a Nick Cave concept album about giant, face-eating spiders. Everything is coated in a thick sheen of grime and rust, and the tension leading to an encounter with other players is often much, much longer than the actual gunfights themselves. Traps, noise, and even stray gunshots all play a part into success or failure, injecting each careful footstep taken through its vast maps with an ever-present tension.



KILLING FLOOR 2
Combining the bastard-big zombie hordes of Left 4 Dead with the bastard-big guns of Payday 2, Killing Floor 2 is a raucous co-op rampage that knows what it is, and what it is a game about killing wave after wave of horrifically mutated flesh-guzzlers, preferably before they guzzle your flesh.

Since the FPS game launched in 2016, it’s seen a bewildering array of updates and DLC, which may mean new players have a confusing time knowing where to begin. The core gameplay loop is, at its heart, still just compulsive, gory fun, so don’t worry all too much about whether you need to pick up every single expansion.



LEFT 4 DEAD 2
Rogue. Dark Souls. Doom. There aren’t many titles that can lay claim to having spawned an entire genre. Though there might not be an official name for its co-op shooter sons, we reckon Left 4 Dead deserves a place of pride among those hallowed titles.

Left 4 Dead 2 perfected the original’s formula, offering reams of AI-directed tension to keep teams of players on their toes. It’s not just another zombie game. For many, it’s the zombie game. It’s a classic for good reason – those old maps still hold up – but that hasn’t stopped new content being released as a free Left 4 Dead update.



VERMINTIDE 2
Let’s get this out of the way: Skaven are adorable, and deserve to inherit the earth. However, since just letting our noble rat overlords take over the planet wouldn’t make for an especially interesting setup for a game, the next best thing is Vermintide 2. A melee and magic co-op blast, and the absolute pinnacle of ratmashers everywhere.

Related: The best sword games on PC

Taking close inspiration from genre grandaddy Left 4 Dead (shamelessly, it even copied the number in the title), Vermintide 2 lets you and up to three friends team up to battle against the combined forces of Skaven and Chaos. Players put off by the concept of first-person melee needn’t worry – Vermintide’s block, slash, and strafe combat is precise and satisfying. There’s also bows, crossbows, and pistols, for those who prefer to hang back and watch their teammates get devoured. Thanks, team!



PAYDAY 2
If there’s one thing cooler than doing crimes, it’s doing crimes in colourful masks surrounded by friends, and that’s Payday 2 in a nutshell. The core here is the same objective-based co-op as Left 4 Dead, but instead of fighting off waves of zombos, you’ll be committing some of the coolest crimes out there – from kidnapping jobs to robbing banks.

Featuring dynamic scenarios with procedural elements, specialised character classes that excel in specific jobs, and tons of guns and equipment to customise your loadout, Payday has maintained a dedicated following since its release all the way back in 2013. This means newer or solo players should have no problem finding plenty of crime buddies to team up with.



GUNFIRE REBORN
While games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 set their co-op action in bespoke levels, Gunfire Reborn embraces the roguelite chaos of procedural generation, from its levels to its weapon drops. It’s co-op with up to three friends, and you can utilise a selection of hero-classes to take on your foes with a selection of colourful, zany weapons and abilities.

Though still in early access at the time of writing, Gunfire Reborn has already amassed a sizable following of fans. This might be down to the fact you get to choose between playing as an alchemist cat, a canine explosives expert, and a martial arts parrot. It might just be because it’s a damn fun co-op shooter, with tons of customisation and upgrade options. There’s a panda in there somewhere, too.

So, that’s the best games like Left 4 Dead and Payday 2 on PC. If you’re hungry for some more undead action, don’t forget to check out our list of the best zombie games. For more fun with friends, here’s the best co-op games. And here’s the best FPS games, if you’re not too fussy about what you shoot, as long as you get to shoot something.

The best games like Fall Guys on PC
All the chaotic party game action you could ever want

Best games like Fall Guys
Looking for some games like Fall Guys? Fall Guys is surely the brightest, bounciest battle royale game we’ve ever failed repeatedly at – although we have failed at a lot of battle royale games. After many gleeful hours toddling around, giving friendly hugs to your fellow beans, and being punted into the air at breakneck speed by Big Yeetus, you may be wondering what other fun, yet competitive party games you can pick up and play with friends or family. Well, wonder no more, my wobbly friend.

While you won’t find Fall Guys’ colourful blend of chaotic, multiplayer lobbies and gameshow-esque obstacle courses anywhere else, there are certainly many more games with a similar playful appeal and casual approach to limb physics.

Though you certainly could practice enough to defeat everyone you play against, these games are all about starting you off on an even playing field, and leaning heavily on general bedlam, so that anyone and everyone can be in with a chance of winning – but just like Fall Guys, these party games are tons of fun, even if you lose horribly.

THE BEST GAMES LIKE FALL GUYS
Pummel Party
Gang Beasts
Human: Fall Flat
Overcooked! 2
Havocado
Among Us
Games like Fall Guys Pummel Party

PUMMEL PARTY
Pummel Party has a lot in common with the Mario Party series, gameplay-wise – although its over-the-top violence isn’t quite as family-friendly as Princess Peach and pals. As your party of up to eight players make their way across a perilous game board, you’ll pick up weapons and powerups to utterly annihilate one another. If you’re the type of Fall Guys player to troll your friends with strategically deployed hugs, you’ll certainly enjoy deploying rage-inducing methods of murdering your buds seconds before they make it to their goal.

Pummel Party has even more minigames than Fall Guys; while there’s some measure of skill involved, you can easily fall foul of bad luck and be unfairly teamed up on – try not to take it too seriously, as repeated losses can be seriously rage-inducing.

Games like Fall Guys Gang Beasts

GANG BEASTS
Much like Fall Guys, Gang Beasts is a technicolour party game featuring gelatinous creatures wobbling around with minimal control over their limbs – trying to get your character to move how you want them to is all part of the fun. The Gang Beasts of Beef City – to give them their proper title – are far more violent than their plump Fall Guys cousins, peppering each other with punches in order to be the last one standing.

Setting up the punchline: The best fighting games on PC

It’s a fun beat ‘em up, with several multiplayer stages to choose from, each with their own hilarious ways to sabotage your friends and throw them off the side – though they may well take you down with them.

Games like Fall Guys Human: Fall Flat

HUMAN: FALL FLAT
Like the previous games we’ve mentioned, Human: Fall Flat plays fast and loose with human movement mechanics, to ensure the years you spent refining your skills in multiplayer games are effectively useless. You and your party will each steer a Human through one of the myriad dreamscapes on offer, puzzling your way through together as you figure out how to get to the end when you have all the grace and agility of bag of flour.

It can be played solo, but once you add more Humans to the mix, the platform game plays totally differently – for better or for worse – as you create increasingly complex chains of doughy humans to scale obstacles. Regular updates add new levels that provide brand new challenges, and there’s plenty of user-generated content on the Steam Workshop for you to explore.

Games like Fall Guys Overcooked 2

OVERCOOKED! 2
One of the most notoriously stressful co-op games in existence, Overcooked! 2 is perfect for groups of up to four friends who are very patient, slow to anger, and aren’t inclined to blame other people for their own mistakes. Alternatively, you can rage out and threaten to throw your fellow cooks straight in the bin, next to the sushi they ruined.

You play as an overworked chef, in a race against time to serve hungry customers the correct meal. You’ll need to manage a staggering number of time sensitive demands through the power of teamwork. Managed to refine your kitchen workflow down to a science? Good for you – now try it in a kitchen on a slippery iceberg. Now do it in the dark. Now do it in hell. Cooking games don’t typically involve those locations, and that’s why we love Overcooked! 2 so much.

Games like Fall Guys Havocado

HAVOCADO
Havocado is another ragdoll physics-based beat-’em-up indie game – but what sets it apart from the rest is the huge arsenal of hilariously inventive weapons and vehicles you can use to blow up your buddies. You’ll be cavorting around the level, using jetpacks, rockets, grenades, and even an eel gun. It shoots out big slippery yellow eels that fizzle like electric bananas. Need we say more?

There are several maps to choose from, including some secret levels you’ll need to unlock. It’s great fun for players of all ages, but you’ll need to bring your own squad as servers aren’t particularly populated.

Games like Fall Guys Among Us

AMONG US
Many comparisons have been drawn between the beanlike protagonists of Fall Guys and the stubby spacemen of Among Us – though apparently the skeleton of a Fall Guy is uniquely horrifying, unlike Among Us’ impostors, they don’t tend to exhibit any murderous tendencies. As far as we know.

Among Us is a social deduction game in which groups of up to ten friends attempt to patch up an outpost by completing a series of small repair tasks. However, up to three of them are impostors, who can sabotage the crewmates’ noble efforts in various ways – and also stab them to death. When an emergency meeting is called, or a body is reported, the crewmates can choose a suspect to eject from the station, so as we explain in our Among Us imposter guide, traitors must avoid suspicion at all costs. For the good guys, our Among Us crewmate guide will teach you how to become the ultimate detective.

Those are the best games like Fall Guys we know of, but we’ll keep you updated with any new party games that stumble onto PC – in the meantime, time to refine your majestic dives and tighten your grabs in preparation for the Fall Guys Season 2 release date.

The best games like Fallout on PC
Our favourite picks from the vault


What are some games like Fallout? Since its creation by Interplay Entertainment way back in 1997, all the way through to the ever-changing West Virginia wasteland of Fallout 76, the Fallout series has emitted a nuclear-bright glow at the forefront of RPGs. Tracking their history is like a lesson in the evolution of the computer RPG itself, from the tabletop-inspired originals to Bethesda’s live-service, always-online latest.

Players are drawn to the series for such different reasons – and the later titles have embraced so many diverse systems – that it’s difficult to pin down something that quite scratches the same irradiated itch. Some fans love roleplaying. Others, exploring a post-apocalyptic landscape. Some, the emergent gameplay chaos, and others, the building, crafting, and community aspects.

Whatever the reason you first fell in love with Fallout, we’ve put together a list of games we think you’ll dig while you’re waiting patiently for news of Fallout 5. From the classic RPG games revival of Divinity Original Sin 2, to the gloomy post-apocalypse of the Metro series, here’s the best games like Fallout for PC.

The best games like Fallout for PC are:

Wasteland 3
Divinity Original Sin 2
The Outer Worlds
Disco Elysium
Metro 2033
Bioshock
Skyrim
a big metal laser spider from wasteland 3 one of the best games like fallout on PC

WASTELAND 3
The latest entry in the franchise that started it all, Wasteland 3 is a mammoth, deeply reactive tactical RPG set in the post-apocalyptic U.S. The series isn’t just like Fallout – it’s effectively the blueprint for Fallout. While no less comical than its nuclear cousin, it generally opts for a grittier, more incisively socio-political tone than Fallout’s broad parodies.

Read more: Miserable apocalypse games to wallow in

Wasteland 2 brought back the series in a big way, but Wasteland 3 is bigger and more confident, finding its feet with its newly built fanbase. Fallout may have the Brotherhood of Steel, but Wasteland has massive steel spiders.

a character creation screen showing a bipedal red lizard wearing armour from divinity original sin 2 one of the best games like fallout on PC

DIVINITY ORIGINAL SIN 2
We’ve seen many reverent homages to classic CRPG’s in recent years, but Divinity Original 2 stands out as the most forward-thinking. While developer Larian’s love for isometric classics like Fallout and Baldur’s Gate is on full display here, DOS 2 doesn’t constrain itself to simply replicating the same formula. The result is magical.

Memorable characters and engaging, witty storytelling join loads of lovely systemic reactivity both inside and out of its challenging turn-based combat. Combat arenas can be transformed with elemental powers and abilities, and environmental features can become your greatest allies – or most troublesome foes. All this, combined with deep character creation and co-op multiplayer make this a worthy successor to OG Fallout’s legacy.

a fight from outer worlds one of the best games like fallout on PC

THE OUTER WORLDS
Late stage capitalism can have ridiculous, soul-destroying effects on the world. While we don’t always need art to remind us of this – and while not all political art needs to be too on-the-nose – sometimes it’s nice to raise a big ol’ middle finger to worker exploitation and conspicuous consumption. We’re sorry, Tim Curry, but it turns out that capitalism got space now, too.

Luckily, at least it brought with it an expansive open-world RPG with nods to beloved Obsidian gems, such as Fallout: New Vegas. The skill systems, story choices, and sci-fi environments are all noteworthy, but what really shines here is the character writing. Obsidian doesn’t let the satire get in the way of populating the Outer Worlds’ planets with believable, interesting, human characters.

an evening scene from disco elysium one of the best games like fallout on pc

DISCO ELYSIUM
Disco Elysium is one of gaming’s few true originals. Both fever-dream like in its narcotic haze and strikingly down-to-earth in its preference for folk cadence over fantasy tropes. This CRPG is every 4am house party conversation you’ve ever had, replayed with dice rolls and stat sheets. The only difference is that it’s actually as creative, thought-provoking, charismatic, and wild as all those White Claws only made you think you were.

Fans of Fallout 1&2 will feel at home in the tangled branches of extensive dialogue trees that (gasp!) actually have the chutzpah to lock you out of certain story moments or choices, depending on your character build and decisions up to that point. It stands out from other RPG games by being bitingly funny, too.

a ruined library from metro 2033 one of the best games like fallout on pc

METRO 2033
If you’re looking for something that captures the expansive bleakness and FPS systems of Bethesda’s Fallout titles, but within a more focused framework, it’s hard to go wrong with the post-apocalyptic Metro series. While Metro: Last Light has some solid ideas, and Metro: Exodus is beautiful and ambitious, neither of them quite capture the claustrophobic terror of Metro 2033.

More: The best survival games on PC 

Metro sees Fallout’s molerats, and raises it the stakes with bat-faced, pack-hunting Watchmen. It sees Fallout’s radscorpion, and drops a chonking mutant gorilla on top of it. Owing as much to survival horror games as FPS, Metro 2033 is a tense, subterranean journey that makes every individual bullet feel precious. Don’t forget to check out the S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Pathologic series, plus Mutant Year Zero, for similar Tarkovsky-inspired post-apocalyptic survival.

a fight from bioshock one of the best games like fallout on pc

BIOSHOCK
If you’re all about the creepy 50’s, picket-fence satire of the original Fallouts, then you’ll likely have a swell time jitterbugging your way down to Bioshock’s deep-sea dystopia to give a few of its inhabitants a knuckle sandwich. Bioshock was always about exploration and atmosphere first, gunplay second, so while the combat can feel a little wooden these days compared to other FPS games, there’s still very few game settings as well realised as Rapture. Come for the parties, stay for the option to shoot bees at people.

a man on his way to buy ten thousand wheels of cheese for skyrim one of the best games like fallout on PC

SKYRIM
You know that gag people always make when a game is massive? “Here’s this small indie game hur hur.” We won’t do that. We know that you’ve heard of Skyrim, because you can probably run it on your cat’s electronic collar, your Fitbit, and that old pair of light-up trainers at the back of your wardrobe. If you needed reminding for any reason, though: Skyrim is the open-world RPG fantasy sibling to Bethesda’s Fallout open-world games.

So, there’s our picks for the best games like Fallout. If you’re in the mood for some recent Fallout-flavoured indie games, and love that isometric style, don’t overlook the likes of Atom RPG, Encased, or UnderRail, either.

Best games like Monster Hunter: World you can play on PC
From Destiny's loot grind to Dauntless's behemoth slayer, here are the games to fill that Monster Hunter: World hole in your heart

A dinosaur-like creature in one of the best dinosaur games, Monster Hunter: World
What are the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World? We had to make our own fun for a while as Monster Hunter: World came to consoles first. Now that it is on PC, though, we can join in on the fun and indulge a power fantasy that includes launching an overgrown lizard into the air by swinging a hammer the size of an elephant’s hindquarters into its scaly gut.

The benefit of waiting, however, is that we’ve been able to clue ourselves up on some of the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World, too. Now if we want to play something a little bit different, the option is there.

Plenty follow the same beats that Capcom’s series lays out, such as a Jurassic theme and hunting monsters for amour. If that’s your scene, check out Dauntless. Some share the same incentive for loot, but change other elements. For Example, Destiny 2 is very much about the grind for better gear but is based in space. Anyway, enough of the chitter chatter, here are some of the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World.

BEST PC GAMES LIKE MONSTER HUNTER WORLD
Dauntless
Toukiden 2
Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen
God Eater 2 Rage Burst
Dark Souls III
Nioh
Destiny 2

Dauntless
DAUNTLESS
Dauntless takes the Monster Hunter experience and streamlines it by taking out the legwork between fights. That means you can visit the game’s bustling social arena, Ramsgate, in one moment and then be hunting a Dauntless Behemoth in the next moment.

All the usual loot-based incentive is still intact, too, and there’s plenty Dauntless Exotic weapons and armour to go after. If you’re unsure about taking on a massive game like Monster Hunter, then this is a handy alternative as it’s free-to-play. So you don’t have to worry about forking out for something you may not gel with.


Toukiden 2
TOUKIDEN 2
The idea in Toukiden 2 is to slay huge demons known as Oni in order to protect humanity from destruction. In short: take Monster Hunter and swap out the wyverns and dinosaurs for the horrors of Japanese medieval folklore and, hey presto, you have Toukiden.

There are so many similarities between Monster Hunter and Toukiden that, in distinguishing them, you may as well be trying to spot the difference between a Rathalos and a Rathian. Both involve hunting gigantic snotty beasts, both let you bring friends along for the slaughter, both let you upgrade your weapons and gear using resources from fallen enemies, and both originate on handheld consoles.

You could buy Toukiden: Kiwami, which is the enhanced version of the first game that was released on PC. But for a better experience you will want to try out Toukiden 2 as it was made with PC in mind from the start. It is also the only open-world game in the Toukiden series so far, which makes it the equivalent of Monster Hunter: World for its respective series.


Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen
DRAGON’S DOGMA: DARK ARISEN
Capcom’s other creature-slaying PC RPG is Dragon’s Dogma. This is a game that starts with a dragon ripping your heart from your body. Just snatches it right out of your chest. What a git. Understandably, you are not particularly pleased about the situation, and set out to find that damn dragon to retrieve your absent vital organ.

That is not as easy as it… actually, it doesn’t sound easy at all, does it? You are going to need to get a lot of practice in before you – a bloodless dimwit, let’s not forget – are able to go toe-to-claw with a fire-breathing beast of legend. Weak as you are to begin with, it turns out you are the ‘chosen one’ and are capable of taking on hydra, griffins, and chimera with a little time and experience behind you.

Dragon’s Dogma ticks a lot of boxes if you are looking for an experience similar to Monster Hunter that you can play on PC: an open world, huge beasts to mount and stab in the face, a plethora of armour and gear upgrades, and a party of armed fools to lead around. Unfortunately, that party does not consist of other online players, but AI-controlled ‘Pawns’ that learn how to fight from you (poor things). Once you have trained them up, other players can borrow your Pawns for their own games. It is not a replacement for online co-op but, hey, even without that Dragon’s Dogma comes close enough.


God Eater 2 Rage Burst
GOD EATER 2 RAGE BURST
The weapons you use in God Eater 2 are one of its biggest draws. Called God Arcs, they are developed from the cells of the Aragami – the huge monsters you are sent out to defeat. This means you can collect materials from the dead bodies of your large opponents to upgrade your arsenal. In fact, God Eater lives up to its name by letting you actually devour the monstrous corpses you create. Nom nom.

While all the weapons in God Eater 2 seem to have been manufactured in the same factory as other anime games – they are huge, glow yellow, and cause a lot of blood to gush – they are as varied as Monster Hunter’s roster of blades, blunts, and ballistics. There is plenty of room to specialise here – you can charge into battle with a scythe dragging at your heels, stand back and take pop shots with a sniper rifle, or move in cautiously with a short blade to pierce enemies in fast flurries. Not only are there are a bunch of weapons to choose from that allow for different playstyles, they each have different forms you can transform them into – knowing when to deploy the right form can give you the upperhand in battle.

Another aspect of Monster Hunter: World that God Eater 2 nails is supplying you with hundreds of missions so you can farm for items and materials to upgrade your equipment. Some will find it repetitive, others will relish the chance to watch the numbers tick upwards as they get incrementally better at dishing out gobfuls of ultraviolence.


Dark Souls III
DARK SOULS III
Look, despite some questionable assessments out there, Monster Hunter: World has little in common with Dark Souls III. But hear us out.

With dragon slaying, plunging attacks, and plenty of blunts and blades to specialise in, Dark Souls III is a decent alternative to Monster Hunter: World. The series is notorious for its challenging boss battles, after all. You can even cut the tails off some of the mighty lizards and turn them into weapons, just like in Monster Hunter.

Where Dark Souls III differs, however, is in its larger interest in worldbuilding, atmosphere, and storytelling. Rather than your progress being visualised as a carved-up hide worn as a piece of grotesque armour, Dark Souls III metes it out through the camp fires that you springboard from throughout each of its areas. There is a greater focus on learning how to conquer areas, not to mention an underlying interest in tying together convoluted plot threads between characters, locations, and item descriptions.

Related: the best PC games you can play

That said, you get the same sense of achievement when you return to an area with an upgraded blade and slice through enemies with the ease of chomping on a piece of cooked meat. You will still want to hunt for items, farm them before big battles, and acquire materials to upgrade your gear. One beast even has the head of a crocodile and the agility of a dog – squint, and you might mistake it for Monster Hunter: World’s dreaded Odogaron.


Nioh
NIOH
Imagine Dark Souls but with a rigid, mission-based structure, a lot more repetition, and plenty of ugly bosses to cut the flesh off. That is Nioh. If we were pushed, we’d say it is a game that sits somewhere on the spectrum between Dark Souls and Monster Hunter: World.

Nioh’s approach to bosses is not quite as wild as it could be. Whereas the Dark Souls series does well to mix up the horrors it throws you into an arena with, Nioh mostly sticks to giving you humanoid bosses to dance with, the variation often being their size and types of attack (the less said about the centipede boss the better). Still, these are boss fights that require plenty of preparation. You will need to hone both your samurai fighting style and your use of support items if you are to progress. Failing that, you can always bring in an online friend to outnumber your foe.

Start: the best fighting games on PC

Where Nioh really taps into that Monster Hunter vein is in how much it gives you to do at all times. It throws missions at you as if it were a hunter trying to put a raging beast to sleep with a volley of tranq bombs. It gives you an absurd number of stats, skills, weapons, armour, stances, and god knows what else for you to manage inside and outside of missions. If you are into making the tiniest tweaks to your loadout, and prepping for battles like a proper hunter should, then you will be in heaven.


Destiny 2
DESTINY 2
Bit of a curveball, this one, but Destiny 2 does have its fair share of similarities to Monster Hunter. Yes, of course, the sci-fi setting is worlds apart, and the first-person shooter format puts it in another category of game entirely. But Destiny 2 is a game with instance-based conflicts against some large-bodied aliens.

The MMORPG side of the game also runs parallel to the item management and stats upgrades of Monster Hunter: World. You will be running through the same areas, popping off headshots and grabbing loot left, right, and centre. Unfortunately, you cannot cut the skin and body parts of the fallen to repurpose as armour in Destiny 2 – a real shame, as we quite fancy sporting a metallic Vex outfit – but there is Glimmer to spend, Shards to install, and Destiny Exotics to infuse.

As you can see, Destiny 2 can compete with Monster Hunter: World when it comes to odd nouns, too. For every Ajanath, Malachite Ore, and Gajalaka that Monster Hunter has to offer, Destiny 2 retorts with Hunter Arcstriders, Telestos, and Xur. This, surely, is where the real conflict lies.

Games to look forward to: the best upcoming games on PC

And there you have it, the best PC games like Monster Hunter: World. Plenty of games have taken on the challenge of striking a balance between satisfying but difficult creature fights. Others, meanwhile, have looked to perfect the loot-grinding loop. Either way, we hope there’s something here that takes your fancy, if not Monster Hunter: World, itself.