THE 15 BEST VIDEO GAMES OF 2017
By Verge Staff  Dec 15, 2017, 9:00am EST
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
A decade from now, there’s a good chance we’ll look back at 2017 as one of the best years ever for new game releases. Just think about it: some of the medium’s most iconic names — like Zelda, Mario, and Resident Evil — came roaring back to prominence, while new names like Horizon Zero Dawn and Cuphead forced their way into the spotlight.

From blockbuster to indie games, console and PC to mobile, the wealth of experiences on offer has been incredible. And narrowing down our favorites has been a lengthy task. But after a series of votes — and maybe a few arguments — we’ve settled on a list of the 15 best games of the year.

CUPHEAD
Cuphead
Brothers Chad and Jared Moldenhauer, who formed indie outfit Studio MDHR, captivated the industry when they first showed off Cuphead and its 1930’s cartoon-inspired art style in 2014. After an exhaustive development process lasting a total of seven years, the game came out to critical acclaim this fall, surpassing 1 million copies sold in its first two weeks. A run-and-gun platformer in the vein of classics like Gunstar Heroes, Cuphead earned a reputation not just for its Fleischer and Disney homages, but also its extreme, unforgiving difficulty. If you long for the punishing platforming mastery of Mega Man and Contra, this is the throwback for you. Just don’t expect it to be all fun and games. —Nick Statt

DESTINY 2

No shooter has been as polarizing this year as Bungie’s Destiny 2. The sequel to the 2014 online-only title launched in September and has been embroiled in controversy since, with die-hard fans constantly voicing their opinions on how to restore the magic of the original. Lost in all the heated debates is the game’s pure fun factor; Destiny remains one of the most aesthetically pleasing and gorgeously designed FPS games out there. In its attempts to make the game less of a slog, Bungie has created a more streamlined and accessible MMO-shooter hybrid. Destiny 2 still nails its specific niche with ease and offers fulfilling collaborative online play you rarely get outside the most demanding of PC games. —Nick Statt

HIDDEN FOLKS
Hidden Folks
It's easy to dismiss Hidden Folks as a Where's Waldo? for smartphones and tablets. But the puzzle game transcends its clear inspiration with almost impossibly detailed hand-drawn art and animations that make it a joy to keep playing. There’s a level of care that’s on display as you search the game’s sprawling levels, resulting in a relaxing and charming experience that, even hours later, is hard to put down. —Chaim Gartenberg

HORIZON ZERO DAWN
Horizon Zero Dawn
Guerrilla Games threw aside the gritty gray and orange of its Killzone series and surprised everyone with Horizon Zero Dawn, which has miles of lush, vibrant open-world terrain that offered up some of the most stunning visuals of any game in 2017. The map is packed with quests and collectibles to hunt down, but the best parts of Horizon are the stories you make yourself. Getting tangled up with the varied robot animals that roam across the land on your adventure is just plain fun, and the huge toolbox of toys at your disposal means that there’s a range of ways to approach each situation. Horizon Zero Dawn charms, though, in moment-to-moment experiences: the sunrise over a glittering field of snow, the subtle animation of a rippling river, or the joy of taking on a gigantic robot T. rex the size of a small house. —Chaim Gartenberg

THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: BREATH OF THE WILD
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
It’s hard to talk about the newest Zelda adventure without being effusive. It’s a game that pushes the boundaries of what an open-world game can be, offering an unparalleled level of freedom for exploration, while completely reinventing genre conventions like the typically cluttered maps or linear quest structure. And it does all of this while retaining the charm and fantasy that has made the series so beloved over the last three decades. Breath of the Wild isn’t just one of the grandest Zelda games ever, or one of 2017’s best releases — it’s also a game that will likely shape the open-world genre for years to come. —Andrew Webster

MONUMENT VALLEY 2

Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge
How do you follow up one of the most beloved mobile games of all time? You double the characters, expand gameplay in new and interesting ways, and focus on a subtly told but moving story of a mother and her daughter. Monument Valley 2 does all that, while maintaining the series's distinctive, MC Escher-esque puzzles and impossible architecture. It’s a game that literally forces you to look at the world from a different perspective. —Chaim Gartenberg

NIER: AUTOMATA
Nier: Automata
The sequel to cult classic Nier is a rarity among big-budget games: it doesn’t really care what you think of it. Sure, it offers pitch-perfect action and a beautifully realized post-apocalyptic world, but it does so while constantly messing with your expectations. It’s a game where the true story doesn’t begin until after your first playthrough, and where important bits of the narrative are buried in weapon descriptions. It’s strange and at times difficult to grasp, but that’s also what makes it so memorable. —Andrew Webster

PERSONA 5
Persona 5
Persona 5 isn’t the kind of sequel that reinvents the wheel. It maintains the same basic structure as past entries in the series — you’re a high school student in Tokyo, balancing day-to-day life with saving the world — but it polishes the concept into perhaps its ideal form. The story is engrossing, with a cast of characters that you’ll grow exceedingly close to over the game’s daunting 100-hour run time. At the same time, it offers deep role-playing elements, turning battles into high-stakes strategic bouts. Plus, Persona 5 might be the only game that can make doing homework feel cool. —Andrew Webster

PLAYERUNKNOWN’S BATTLEGROUNDS
PUBG
PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds arrived in March, and it didn’t take long for it to blow up. Better known as PUBG, the game is an evolution of the survival shooter mod scene on PC, combining the strongest elements of games like ARMA, DayZ, and H1Z1 into what might be the most exhilarating competitive multiplayer experience gaming has to offer. It’s just 100 players parachuting into an ever-shrinking battlefield, and the last person (or team) standing wins. The formula has spawned an entire industry of copycats, including the massively successful Fortnite, and it’s turned Twitch streamers into overnight celebrities. In the process, the game has catapulted Korean developer Bluehole and creator Brendan “PlayerUnknown” Greene to the forefront of the e-sports scene. —Nick Statt

RESIDENT EVIL 7
Resident Evil 7
The latest Resident Evil abandoned the series’s recent trigger-happy, action-movie tone for a more back-to-basics spin on survival horror. Set in a decrepit mansion in backwoods Louisiana, you maneuver a walking nightmare in the confined, anxiety-inducing rooms and hallways of the house while stalked by a murderous family infected by an alien-like bacteria. Over time, the game expands beyond the house as players unravel a corporate conspiracy interwoven with traditional RE elements. It never lets up. A new first-person perspective combined with maddeningly tense pacing result in an experience scary enough to make you want to put the controller down — or turn the game off entirely. —Nick Statt

SONIC MANIA
Sonic Mania
Sega handed over the keys to the kingdom for Sonic over to a bunch of modders and fans, and the end result was Sonic Mania. It was a breath of fresh air for a series that desperately needed it. Featuring a mix of remixed levels from the original Sonic games alongside brilliant new stages, Sonic Mania looks and plays like your rose-tinted memories of the Genesis games, complete with silky-smooth platforming, branching paths, and breakneck speeds. It’ll help you remember why we all liked playing Sonic games in the first place. —Chaim Gartenberg

SPLATOON 2
Splatoon 2
2015’s Splatoon was one of Nintendo’s most daring releases, a family-friendly take on multiplayer shooters that eschewed blood and gore for colorful globs of ink. Think of it like Call of Duty crossed with a paintball match, starring teenage squid-human hybrids. Unfortunately, since it was on the ill-fated Wii U, few actually got to experience the game — something that finally changed with the a sequel on the Switch. The follow-up builds on what made the original so great, with new modes and weapons, and the flexibility offered by the tablet-like Switch. —Andrew Webster

SUPER MARIO ODYSSEY
Super Mario Odyssey
Image: Super Mario Odyssey
Nintendo’s latest 3D Mario adventure delivers all the tight, time-tested platforming the company does best, combined with a downright maniacal level of creativity and quirkiness. But what makes Odyssey truly special is how massive it is. The game contains 999 collectible “power moons” spread out across more than a dozen worlds, with nearly half of the collection unobtainable until after you beat the main story. Odyssey is as deep and rewarding as The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and any Switch owner is doing themselves a disservice by not playing it. —Nick Statt

UNIVERSAL PAPERCLIPS

Universal Paperclips starts out simple: you click a button; you make a paperclip. On the surface, it’s just another clicker game like Cookie Clicker or Spaceplan. But Universal Paperclips — designed to illustrate the Oxford philosopher Nick Bostrom's "decision problem" for developing artificial intelligences — escalates quickly. And it keeps on doing that, adding new ideas, gameplay functions, and eventually, opening up to a breathtaking scale that dwarfs even the biggest games of 2017. And it somehow manages all of this in a web browser. —Chaim Gartenberg

YAKUZA 0

Yakuza 0 achieves something pretty remarkable: it’s simultaneously the best game in its long-running series, and also the perfect starting point for new players. It transports the series to glitzy 1980s Tokyo, and splits the story into two halves, letting you play as the grim series icon Kiryu, as well as the wild former yakuza Majima. Where the game really shines, though, is with its tone, seamlessly jumping back and forth between tense, dramatic moments, and silly side stories. Yakuza 0 is a game where a quest to prove your innocence can be derailed by a night out for karaoke. —Andrew Webster

The 10 best games for your new gaming PC
A mix of PC exclusives and other gems

By Cameron Faulkner@camfaulkner  Dec 25, 2019, 10:00am EST
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge
Whether you’ve just gotten a new gaming PC, are building a new PC for yourself, or have just decided to gift yourself with some new games, we have ten suggestions to make your gaming experience fun. Not all of them are new or the most graphically demanding, but they should provide you with hours of enjoyment.

Unlike gaming on a console, there are several ways for PC gamers to get their fix, from Steam and Origin to Epic Game Store and GOG. It’s important to know that not all platforms offer the same games. When they do, shop around — you might find a better price on one versus the other.

We’ve rounded up our favorite and most-used games, apps, and entertainment. Check out our app picks for iPhones, Android phones, PCs, Macs and TVs; our favorite mobile games from Apple Arcade and Google Play Pass; and our top choices for gaming PCs, the PS4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch. We’ve also listed our favorite streaming shows on Disney+, Hulu and Netflix, some great sci-fi books, and exciting new podcasts. (Note: pricing was accurate at the time of publishing, but may change.)

RELATED

Epic vs. Steam: the console war reimagined on the PC
DESTINY 2

Image: Bungie
If you’re looking for a first-person shooter that masterfully mixes the satisfying mobility, responsive controls, and sci-fi lore of the Halo series (it’s made by Bungie, after all, the same developer that makes Halo) with the endless replayability found in games like Borderlands, Destiny 2 is easy to recommend. The game is now free to play on Steam, so there’s no cost required to play through the base game. After that, you can pay for even more content.

Destiny 2

Available for free from Steam
GET NOW
HADES

Hades is the latest game from Supergiant, the developer of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. Right now, it’s in Early Access on Steam and Epic Games, which means that it’s technically incomplete. But it already offers a lot — and the developer aims to keep adding to the game in 2020. Hades is a rogue-like (every attempt is different in some way, including shuffled item drops, enemy encounters, and level layouts), similar in a sense to The Binding of Isaac. As such, it offers tons of depth, the writing is excellent, and the controls are responsive on keyboard and mouse, or with a controller. It will likely make its way to consoles at some point, but right now, the PC is where you can play it.

Hades

Available for $24.99 (Early Access) from Steam and Epic Games
BUY NOW
RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2

Rockstar’s sequel to Red Dead Redemption landed on consoles in 2018, but it only recently graced the PC platform. Now that it’s had a few months to shake out some annoying bugs, you should check it out. It’s a technical marvel, and it’s a fun game, too. Unlike the prior entry in the Red Dead franchise, or recent Grand Theft Auto games (which it bears some similarities to), Red Dead Redemption 2 is a more slow-paced adventure that takes its sweet time unrolling, with plenty of twists along the way. The fun gunplay is still a constant presence, though, and when you finish the long campaign, you can hop into the free Red Dead Online component of the game that comes included with it.

Red Dead Redemption 2

Available for $59.99 from Steam and Epic Games
BUY NOW
REMNANT: FROM THE ASHES

At the core of Remnant: From the Ashes is loot, and a lot of it. But it’s not just another loot shooter; this title has similar squad co-op and controls to what you’d find in The Division 2, but with a world that’s steeped in fantasy. This game has a reputation for being difficult — and difficult, it is — though it’s much easier and more fun to make your way through with a trusty group of friends. If games like Destiny 2 and Borderlands 3 are up your alley, you should give this one a try.

Remnant: From the Ashes

Available for $39.99 from Steam
BUY NOW
OUTER WILDS
Outer Wilds
If you want to play through an awe-inspiring first-person adventure that lets you travel through space but doesn’t require you to shoot at things, Outer Wilds is a worthwhile game. Just don’t call it a walking simulator. It’s a game that can deceive you with its simplistic look and unassuming first half-hour of gameplay. After a little more time, though, you’ll be hooked, trying to discover every last secret floating around in Outer Wilds’ universe. And while I mentioned that there’s no shooting in this first-person game, it’s still plenty tense in ways better left unsaid if you want to go in fresh.

Outer Wilds

Available for $24.99 from Epic Games
BUY NOW
HUNT: SHOWDOWN

It’s tough to make a list of PC games you should play without mentioning a game in the popular battle royale genre. There’s a good chance you’ve already played Fortnite and PUBG, but Crytek’s Hunt: Showdown is one that may have escaped you. This game puts you and a few friends, along with plenty of other random players, into a sprawling, dangerous, and gorgeously designed map that’s filled with monsters that want to kill you. In addition to standard Player vs. Player gameplay, the other big goal of the match is Player vs. Enemy: dispose of the map’s baddies efficiently and quietly in order to score the most experience points and make your escape with the loot in tow. Neither is easy to do, especially since it’s a battle royale game wrapped in survival horror aesthetic, but the feeling of barely escaping with your life feels fantastic.

Hunt: Showdown

Available for $39.99 from Steam
BUY NOW
DISCO ELYSIUM

Disco Elysium is the kind of game made for people who want the freedom of choice, and want to see their actions have an impact on the in-game world. This PC exclusive (until it arrives on consoles later in 2020, at least) is a modern take on the classic RPG genre. It features a stirring whodunit story filled with open-ended conversation paths and memorable characters. It also has plenty of intricate game systems that let you have a personalized experience, and it rewards multiple playthroughs.

Disco Elysium

Available for $39.99 from Steam or GOG (a DRM-free version)
BUY NOW
HALO: THE MASTER CHIEF COLLECTION

The Halo series is coming — in full — to the Windows PC. I don’t really need to tell you why that’s exciting, but I’ll go ahead anyway. Only the first two Halo titles ever came to Windows — long before the advent of digital game platforms — but now all six of them will conveniently be in a single pack on Steam for $39.99. There are two things worth noting, though: only Halo: Reach is available to play right now (with glorious 4K/ 60 FPS support), with the others coming to the collection in 2020. And if you’d rather not buy the whole collection, you can play Halo: Reach with a subscription to Microsoft’s Xbox Game Pass for PC.

Halo: The Master Chief Collection

Available for $39.99 from Steam or via Game Pass on PC
BUY NOW
SEKIRO: SHADOWS DIE TWICE
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice
FromSoftware’s latest game runs best on PC, and this means you can enjoy more detailed visuals compared to the console versions, as well as faster load times. Faster load times doesn’t sound crucial, but in a game like Sekiro, where you’ll die again and again, it’s really nice not to be punished by long load times. Another note (which might be controversial to some): the PC version can be modded to allow for cheats. Cheats for Sekiro caused a stir earlier in the year, spawning the incredible “you cheated not only the game, but yourself” meme. Don’t feel bad if you need to cheat, though, especially if you just want to have fun in this tremendous action game without suffering too steeply.

Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice

Available for $59.99 from Steam
BUY NOW
APEX LEGENDS

Image: Respawn Entertainment
OK, we’re adding a second battle royale title, but this one is well worth having on the list. Apex Legends is a first-person shooter from Respawn Entertainment, the same crew that developed Titanfall and, more recently, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order. Like Overwatch and Team Fortress 2, Apex Legends puts a class-based spin on an already-popular genre. With the studio’s pedigree, this game is, unsurprisingly, very fun to play. The progression systems in place are rewarding and will keep you playing for a while. Better yet, this game is free.

Apex Legends

Available for free from Origin
DOWNLOAD NOW

he Best Family Board Games
These sets will spruce things up when everyone in the house is tired of screens and all caught up on The Mandalorian. 
IT’S GOOD TO take a break from screens every now and then. The great outdoors has plenty to offer, but there are times when you’re stuck inside for one reason or another (like a surging pandemic). Board games are a fun way to gather everyone around the table to engage in some group escapism.

My family has had a board game night every week for the past year, and we’ve discovered some great family games. These are our favorites, created with the help of my two kids, aged 8 and 11. We didn't include board game classics that you probably know all about (or own), like Clue, Monopoly, Connect 4, Scrabble, Operation, Chutes and Ladders, Battleship, Jenga, Guess Who, Pictionary, and Risk. Check out our list of the Best Board Games to Play Over Zoom for other ideas.

If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Please also consider subscribing to WIRED

Image may contain Game
PHOTOGRAPH: RAVENSBURGER
A Simple Starter
Labyrinth
One of the first board games we played together as a family, Labyrinth is simple enough for anyone to grasp. The game board is a maze and you must collect a set of treasures based on the cards you’re dealt. The fun part is how you can change the maze by pushing one tile onto the board and another off every turn. Carve out a route for yourself, but also consider how to block your opponents.

$32 AT AMAZON
$52 AT WALMART

PHOTOGRAPH: EXPLODING KITTENS
Cute, Dangerous Cats
Exploding Kittens
This deceptively simple card game is easy to pick up but has layers of strategy as you try to avoid exploding kitten cards. It combines fun elements from classic card games, like Scabby Queen, and adds a modern twist. There’s just enough complexity to make things fun, but never so much that it gets confusing. The card art features some cute, and not so cute, cats with all sorts of special powers to turn the tables on your opponents. When it starts to get old, the expansions do a great job of breathing new life into the game.

$20 AT AMAZON
$20 AT TARGET
$20 AT WALMART

PHOTOGRAPH: Z MAN GAMES 
For Working Together
Pandemic
It feels a little strange playing this during an actual pandemic, but the beauty of this game is that it’s cooperative. Each player has a role, and you work together to eradicate four deadly diseases before humanity’s fate is sealed. It’s often exciting, encouraging communication and group strategy. The key to success is taking advantage of each player’s unique abilities, and you can complete a game in less than an hour. There are also some deep expansions if your family likes it.

$36 AT AMAZON
$36 AT WALMART
$40 AT TARGET
Pre-Cyber Week Sale

SUBSCRIBE
Image may contain Furniture and Tabletop
PHOTOGRAPH: THE CITY OF GAMES 
For Cat Lovers
The Isle of Cats
Beautifully designed and completely unique, this is an instant hit with cat lovers like my daughter. You must rescue cats and fit them onto your boat, Tetris style, to escape from the island before the baddie turns up. You need fish to tempt them aboard, and there are lots of cards to add layers of strategy. It can seem overwhelmingly complex in the beginning, but after a few rounds it all makes sense. We preferred the full game to the simplified rules, though scoring is quite complicated, and you’ll want to set aside a few hours.

$43 AT AMAZON

PHOTOGRAPH: DAYS OF WONDER
For Something More Complex
Ticket to Ride
With lovely steam engine styling and rules even young kids can quickly understand, Ticket to Ride is a wonderful introduction to more complex board games. The aim is to claim different railway routes across the US and Canada using your colorful plastic rail cars. You spend cards to claim routes, and there are bonus points for connecting certain destinations. The European version adds ferries and tunnels, and there are lots of other expansions. The only downside is that my wife always wins.

$41 AT AMAZON
$44 AT TARGET
$41 AT WALMART

PHOTOGRAPH: SPIN MASTER GAMES 
Ask Your Questions
Hedbanz
My kids find this game hilarious, and we used to play it a lot when they were younger. It’s a simple idea: The other players choose a card and stick it into your headband facing out without letting you see it. You have a limited time to ask questions and figure who or what you are. We used to play an adult version of this in college by writing on cigarette papers and sticking them to each other’s heads, but this version is completely family friendly.

$16 AT AMAZON
$16 AT TARGET
$16 AT WALMART

PHOTOGRAPH: NEXT MOVE GAMES 
Soothing Patterns
Azul
Everyone loves the colorful decorative tiles in this game, inspired by the Moorish designs in the Alhambra palace in Southern Spain. The goal is to decorate the royal palace for the King of Portugal. Each round, you pick tiles from the central discs and use them to fill your game board, paying attention to the points that different sets and patterns score. The description doesn’t do this justice—you must play it to see why it’s so appealing. Like many of the best games, it’s quick to learn but has real strategic depth.

$29 AT AMAZON
$29 AT TARGET
Most Popular
A shopping cart full of gift boxes.
GEAR
The Absolute Best Black Friday Deals Online

LOURYN STRAMPE AND GEAR TEAM

A TV with sale stickers
GEAR
You Really Should Peek at These Black Friday TV Deals

PARKER HALL AND GEAR TEAM

collage of images of a vaccine syringe, Anthony Fauci, the Oxford logo, and man's hand holding up red flag
IDEAS
The AstraZeneca Covid Vaccine Data Isn't Up to Snuff

HILDA BASTIAN

A laptop on sale.
GEAR
These Are the Very Best Laptop Deals for Black Friday

SCOTT GILBERTSON AND GEAR TEAM

Image may contain Game
PHOTOGRAPH: DRUMOND PARK
For Good Laughs
Articulate
Trying to describe words to your team without saying them, using the first letter, or resorting to rhyming is the fun challenge at the heart of Articulate. There’s a kid’s version, and we use cards from that mixed with the original to get the right level of difficulty for adults and children. Fast and frenetic, this game often provokes the giggles, but can also cause frustration and the occasional huff. It works well with big groups because you can divide into teams and take turns to describe.

$29 AT AMAZON
Santorini board games 
PHOTOGRAPH: ROXLEY GAMES 
Best for Two People
Santorini
While you can play with four, this 3D game is best with two players. Each turn you move and build, aiming to reach the third level with one of your builders to win. The basic game is fun, quick to play, and simple enough for young kids. When you’re ready to mix it up, introduce the Greek Gods cards to give players special powers. Start with the beginner set of 10 and eventually add the advanced cards, which takes the total number of Gods up to 30. The scalable nature makes this a great game to return to and tweak as your kids grow older.

$17 AT AMAZON
$17 AT WALMART

PHOTOGRAPH: LIBELLUD
For Ghost Hunters
Mysterium
Our final recommendation is a little bit spooky and combines elements of Clue with deeper role-playing games. Set at a séance in 1920s Scotland, players are cast as mediums, with one person taking on the role of the ghost. The psychics work together to interpret vision cards from the ghost and work out who murdered them, where, and with which weapon before the break of dawn. It works best if an adult or older kid takes on the most challenging ghost role, and there’s quite a lot of setup, but this is engrossing once you get going.

$36 AT AMAZON
$36 AT WALMART
$49 AT TARGET