Best Android Games 2020
We're rounding up the best Android games you can play.

here are hundreds of thousands of apps on the Google Play Store, and many of them are games. In fact, games are so popular that it's the first tab you see when you open the app.

If you're looking for the best games available on the Google Play Store, you've come to the right place. To make it easy to find, we've divided this list into nine categories, which you can find in a handy jumplist that will take you directly to the page of your choice, from RPGs to Shooters to Strategy Games, Sports Games, and lots more!

Whether you're new to Android and need some fresh, new games to start building out your Google Play library, or simply looking for the latest trendy games that are worthy of your time and attention, these are the best Android games you can find right now.

The best RPGs

Though mobile doesn't have the impressive backlog and history of RPGs that PC and consoles do, there are still quite a few notably good ones that you can play right on your phone. Some are classics ported over to the touchscreen while others are unique to this platform. These are time sinks, make no mistake, and are well worth the cost to entry.

AnimA

If you liked Diablo II, then there's a clone on Android for you. AnimA is an action RPG hack-n-slash that evokes many memories of Diablo, right down to the font. It features the classic isometric camera angle, loot, and dark fantasy setting.

I just started playing this week, but I'm already hooked; this suggestion came from our own Daniel Bader and I jumped on it immediately. This is a free-to-play game with microtransactions, but it seems to be similar to Path of Exile where they're not in your face and you can play through the game on your own terms. Like I said, I'm still pretty early on this game, but I like what I see so far.

I love ARPGs, so AnimA is right my up my alley. It helps me get in that fix when I'm away from my PC (and thus Grim Dawn). Give it a try and see if you like it; you have nothing to lose.


AnimA
An excellent ARPG experience for Android, AnimA takes obvious cues from the Diablo franchise while free-to-play. It's a really fun time if you like this kind of game.

Battle Chasers: Night War

BattleChasers: NightWar is an award-winning JRPG that offers one of the most complete mobile RPG experiences you'll play — and that's complete in the sense that there's no in-app purchases or paid DLC to worry about. Hallelujah!

Everything about this game is polished and complete, and it starts with a robust overworld that's filled with hidden dungeons to explore, epic bosses to take down, and other surprises along the way.

The turn-based combat is inspired by all the favorites you remember from the JRPG genre and is a real treat even for a casual fan like myself. Along with the dense and sprawling world to explore that's teeming with enemies to do battle with, there's also deep crafting elements as well for upgrading your team's weapons, armors, and magical jewelry. An RPG is only as good as its story and characters and given that this game is based on a graphic novel of the same name we're given fully developed characters and a compelling story.

The narrative focuses on the story of a young girl, Gully, as she takes up the quest of finding her long lost father, Aramus. He was a hero to the local village who never returned after setting off into the Grey Line, a near-impenetrable wall of mist that borders their homeland of which nothing has returned from once entering. Aramus had left behind a set of magical gauntlets rumored to grant untold powers to the wearer. Gully must learn to wield her father's gauntlets as she embarks on her own epic adventure past the Grey Line to uncover the truth behind her father's final mission.

Gully is joined by a supporting cast that includes Knowlan the wise old mage who always travels with Calibretto, an ancient war golem built for battle that developed his own sentience and emotions but who can still kick ass to defend his friends.

There's Garrison, a paladin who was friends with Aramus and feels compelled to protect Gully along her journey and lastly Red Monika, a rogue outlaw who manages to toe the line between good and evil. This game is definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of either BattleChasers or simply looking for a new JRPG to dive into.


Battle Chasers: Nightwar
Battle Chasers: Nightwar is a game specifically designed to appeal to fans of turn-based role-playing title, with a JRPG influence in all the aspects of the game. Best of all, there are no microtransactions of any kind - buy the game and you're all set.

Death Road to Canada

Death Road to Canada is a $10 game — I want to open with that just to get the sticker shock out of the way before I talk about how awesome this freaking game is.

Facing a zombie apocalypse, you must lead a scrappy squad of somewhat interesting characters on a deadly mission to the relative safety of Canada. Along the way, you'll need to explore and loot places for supplies, while also managing your team's health and morale.

Everything in Death Road to Canada is randomly generated, making every play-through a unique experience in this dynamic road trip action-RPG. You can randomly generate your character and buddy or custom design your starting characters with different attributes to help them stay alive, but you probably don't want to get too attached unless you're a really good shot.

The controls admittedly take some getting used to, and there's a pretty steep learning curve as you learn which weapons are most effective and which times it's better to fight or run. And you will die, early and often, although that's part of the fun of a zombie apocalypse, right?

There's a ridiculous amount of depth in this game, including 10 different game modes to unlock. The price might seem a little steep, but if you're a fan of rogue-like zombie games, it's well worth the investment!


Death Road to Canada
Everything in Death Road to Canada is randomly generated, making every play-through a unique experience in this road trip action-RPG.

Evoland 1 & 2

Yes, I know I'm cheating here, but both Evoland titles are such excellent games that I had to include them in one entry. Other than classic RPGs, the Evolands account for some of the most time I've put into mobile games. They each take you through the history of gaming, expanding and evolving as you go through them. It's a unique way to present an action-adventure, for sure.

There's plenty of humor, easter eggs, and general references to the great games of the past that helped define this entertainment medium. You'll go from 2D monochrome to 3D real-time combat as you progress, unlocking new gaming technologies that change how you play. You'll be hard-pressed to find something as unique as these.

For $0.99 and $3.99, respectively, Evoland and Evoland 2 should definitely be a part of your library if you: 1. want something to pour a ton of time into, and 2. love video games as an art form and want to play something that appreciates its roots.


Evoland
Travel through the history of gaming in Evoland, an action-adventure RPG that is a blast. Unlock new technologies that change how you play.


Evoland 2
Take what you learned with Evoland and have more of it! Evoland 2 follows the same concept as its predecessor: travel through the history of gaming as you embark on a content-rich story.

Genshin Impact

Genshin Impact sort of came out of nowhere. It takes obvious cues from Breath of the Wild with an "anime" twist. A Chinese studio developed the game and it's already very popular. The best part is that it supports cross-save, so that you can play on your PC, pick up your phone, and play where you left off. The PS4 doesn't support cross-save, however.

Genshin Impact is an action RPG with fantastic elemental combat and a fun party system. You'll need to switch characters often to have the best outcomes in battle. The open world is beautiful and filled with things to do, resources to find, and monsters to slay.

I'd say the biggest downfall of Genshin Impact is the monetization. It uses gacha mechanics to get you to spend more on additional characters, new weapons, and the like. But I get it; there's a lot of money to be made on popular games.

You have plenty of opportunities to level up your stats, of course. This game is a big deal right now and I'm just scratching the surface here. Give it a try on your phone or computer (or PS4, but you don't get cross-save) and see what you think. I was blown away.


Genshin Impact
Take on the world in this excellent action RPG. Enjoy the beautiful art, character models, and the ability to cross-save between PC and mobile.

SINoALICE

From the ever strange but brilliant mind of Yoko Taro, of Drakengard and NieR fame, comes SINoALICE, a mobile RPG with a dark fairytale spin. Published by Square Enix, SINoALICE is a mobile gotcha game, similar to Fire Emblem Heroes, with gorgeous art and lots to collect. This being an RPG, there are different classes, weapons, armors, and items that each character can equip, and some they cannot if their class doesn't match up.

The music is absolutely top-notch. The haunting tones will remind you of NieR Automata (if you played it) and that's because it's the same composer! Seriously, I just love sitting at the main menu and listening to the soundtrack. I really haven't done that since the original Halo way back in the OG Xbox days.

Combat is an intense sprint. I like to think of them as time trials, where you have to think on the fly. You don't get to pause to strategize, but you'll improve as you go along. Having good reflexes is helpful, too. Again, like Fire Emblem, there's a system of elemental and weapon weaknesses that you have to play to experience.

Each character is someone well-known from fairytales, like Alice, Snow White, Little Red Riding Hood, and so on. Those characters each have their own stories that you progress through, with the goal being to revive the author of each character's story.

Of course, this being a free-to-play game published by Square Enix, there are copious amounts of microtransactions for in-game currency to go around. They're not as in your face as other games on this list, but you've been warned.

Oh, and there's a NieR Automata cross-over event coming up and a RepliCant one coming later this year.


SINoALICE
SINoALICE is free-to-play RPG with beautiful art, interesting and thought-provoking stories, incredible music, and a fun combat system. The only downside is the microtransactions.

Sky: Children of the Light

We don't often see staggered releases between Android and iOS these days, but Sky: Children of the Light took almost a year to arrive on the former. Good thing, too, because it's a really fun game. It's worth installing if nothing else but to enjoy the gorgeous art style, beautiful world, and relaxing adventure.

It's difficult to describe Sky, but I'll try to be concise. After some time with the game, it's obvious that the focus is on exploration and socializing. Your goal is to find lost stars and guide them home to their constellations; in return, they teach you new things. There is no combat in Sky, so anyone can feel free to hop in and enjoy without any stress. It's a very relaxing game with plenty to do for completionists and plenty to see for casual gamers.

Sky's biggest draw is its art style, world design, and gameplay, all of which are simply stunning. Your character possesses a winged cape sort of thing that you use to fly, glide, and get to places your simple jump can't. The set pieces on display here are second to none on Android and evoke such a feeling of awe that I almost forgot to grab screenshots. It has a few different graphical options, too, but I chose to run it at 60fps to make sure what I saw moved as smooth as possible.

Overall, I'd say the biggest fault with Sky is that it's very taxing on your phone. My OnePlus 6 heated up like crazy and my Pixel 4 XL wasn't much better off. There are also microtransactions to buy Candles, which are a key in-game item. There's also an in-game currency called Hearts, which is how you buy cosmetics for your character. I've put in a few hours already and I haven't spent a cent, so they're not necessary or in your face whatsoever.


Sky: Children of the Light
Sky is a gorgeous adventure made by the developers of Journey. Despite some of the usual free-to-play pitfalls, it's a very worthwhile experience.

Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic

I had trouble picking just one classic RPG for this list, since we have several to choose from. Ultimately, I went with Knights of the Old Republic, better known as KOTOR, for this list. For one, Star Wars is a hugely popular franchise and I think this is a game worth playing if you enjoy that universe. Originally created by BioWare in its heyday, KOTOR is a fantastic story.

Going beyond that, I fear I'll get into spoilers, so I'll leave it at that. KOTOR is considered one of the best RPGs of all time and I would be hard-pressed to disagree. Ported to Android thanks to the folks at Aspyr, KOTOR has new life on mobile and though it might be a costly price to entry, it's worth every penny. From the story to the combat, this and its sequel are definitely the best Star Wars games ever made.

There's gamepad support, achievements, and a revamped UI designed specifically for touchscreens. It's an excellent port and I haven't encountered any bugs in the years I've been playing this. If you like Star Wars, do yourself a favor and check out KOTOR.


Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic
A classic RPG that is considered one of the best of all time, KOTOR is a great game reimagined for mobile. It's well worth the asking price to get a fantastic story and excellent gameplay.

Titan Quest

Titan Quest originally came out back in 2006 and helped fill the long void left by Diablo II before III came out. It's an isometric ARPG with tons of loot, monsters to kill, and beautiful vistas to see. And while there's still a community around it over on PC thanks to THQ Nordic's Titan Quest Anniversary Edition, Android users can experience this gem of gaming courtesy of a port from a few years ago.

You are a nameless hero, freshly landed on the shores of Helos in Greece, a village currently besieged by wild beasts and monsters from fairytales and folklore. Once you save the village, you set off in search of the famed Leonidas and I'll leave the rest for you to discover. Spoiler: you're going to see a lot of the ancient world.

This game is many hours long, action-packed, and full of loot to find. Within a couple of hours of starting, you'll have a hero powerful enough to slay anything in your way, all while looking completely awesome. Titan Quest features a dual specialty build system, meaning that you can combine any two of the disciplines to create your own demi-god. If loot is half the fun of Titan Quest, the other is definitely finding the build to suit your playstyle.

I'd say that this port of Titan Quest has two major downsides. For starters, it's not a port of the Anniversary Edition and so lacks all of the new content (extra specialties and expansions) and quality of life improvements. Secondly, there's no controller support and the touch controls can feel a bit wonky at points. Still, it's a mostly good port of one of my favorite games of all time and it definitely deserves a spot in this list.


Titan Quest
This classic ARPG was ported to Android a few years ago and it's worth every penny. If you like ancient mythology, hack-and-slash ARPG gameplay, and tons of loot, this game is definitely one you should pick up.

V4

Sometimes, your opinion just doesn't line up with everyone else's and that's fine at times. Such is the case here with V4, I game I really enjoy, but has a ton of angry 1-star reviews in the Play Store at the time of writing. I've dumped almost 10 hours into this game at this point and I disagree with a lot of the disparagement since most of it seem to be due to technical launch issues, like server and character creation problems.

Published by Nexon, I was on guard and somewhat suspicious going into V4. I ended up pleasantly surprised. V4 is a dark fantasy MMO that has beautiful art, nice graphics, a decent character creator, 6 classes to choose from, and your choice between auto-play (a la idle clickers) or manual play, like a traditional MMO. However, the voice acting and dialogue are both pretty cringy and I don't enjoy most of the sound effects. My Gunslinger's dual pistols and rifle should be booming, not sounding like they're slapping the enemies, for example.

Otherwise, it's your typical MMO fare. You have a character level that determines your stats, levels for additional stats that you can sacrifice gear to increase, and various daily missions and feats to complete. There are different mounts for you to show off and assorted pets that offer extra bonuses, like XP boosts.

I wouldn't say V4 is groundbreaking as an MMO, but for being mobile and free-to-play, I quite like it. With it having just launched, some teething issues are to be expected. Some players have reported (via 1-star reviews) login issues, full servers, and problems getting the character creator to spin up. In my playtime, I never had a single issue.


V4
Despite a name that would imply a sci-fi setting, V4 is actually a dark fantasy MMO. Though there have been launch issues, V4 features 6 classes to choose from, a beautiful world to explore, and plenty of MMO grinding to do.

Vampire: The Masquerade — Night Road

Fans of the World of Darkness IP Vampire: The Masquerade have a lot to be excited for. While we patiently await Bloodlines 2, we have something to tide us over. Called Night Road, this game is a 100% text-based RPG where your choices matter. It also helps that the writing is awesome and the game itself is huge at 650,000 words (give or take).

In Night Road, you play as a vampire courier that drives through the American Southwest delivering goods and messages to vampire higher-ups. Not only are vampire hunters after you, but you have to contend with the dawn as you make your way to your destination. Ultimately, however, you define your character as you see fit.

Considering the size of the game and the multitude of choices you can make, Night Road is an excellent text-based adventure and one that's fun to play through a few times to see how different choices affect the narrative. You can start off playing for free, but at a certain point, you'll need to fork over $10 to finish the game. You can also pay $1 to remove ads.


Vampire: The Masquerade — Night Road
Survive the rising sun and persistent vampire hunters in a fresh take on text-based RPGs. This game sports a ton of excellent writing, and meaningful choices that affect the game.

Wayward Souls

Wayward Souls has been around for a while, but boy is it a great game. It's either a rogue-like with ARPG elements, or it's an ARPG with rogue-like elements. Both are equally valid, I think, though I tend to fall in the former camp. However, what's actually important is that Wayward Souls is a wonderful game and an absolute must for any fan of rogue-likes and/or ARPGs.

You find yourself in a strange tower and you're given a choice: do you play as the mage, the rogue, or the warrior? The goal is to reach the exit of each level, but that can often be extremely difficult or super easy, depending on your luck of the draw and your skill. Every level is procedurally generated, so your loot, layout, and enemy placement will be different each time.

This game is very difficult, don't get me wrong, but I think the difficulty is done quite well. You don't have to deal with finnicky touchscreen controls — quite the opposite, really — and the game teaches you the basics. Due to the procedural generation, there can't be quite a sharp increase in challenge, but you'll be alright.


Wayward Souls
This game is just awesome. From the beautiful art style to the challenging gameplay, Wayward Souls is difficult rogue-like/APRG that will push the limits of your skill.

The Best Shooters

Like shooting stuff? Then this category is just for you. From first-person immersion to third-person top-down, these games are filled with action and bullets. What else do I need to say?

Call of Duty Mobile

There was a ton of hype surrounding Call of Duty Mobile throughout the beta and ahead of its global launch, and to the credit of Activision and TiMi Studios (a subsidiary of Tencent Games) the game is phenomenal and was rightfully selected as one of the best mobile games released in 2019 — and it just continues to get better in 2020. In the latest update, it's now offering an outstanding new 20 vs. 20 Battle Royale mode called Warfare.

A huge reason why the game plays so well can be credited to Tencent Games. It owns the mobile shooter space with PUBG Mobile, another game that's featured on this list, and fans of that game will recognize the familiar user interface and surprising gameplay performance that's been perfectly optimized for mobile. CoD Mobile makes use of the many iconic multiplayer maps from the Call of Duty franchise and really does a great job translating the fast-paced action that makes the game so fun to play on other platforms.

Call of Duty Mobile features the core team deathmatch modes that Call of Duty is known for along with the Battle Royale mode that was introduced in the main franchise with CoD: Black Ops 4. They could have easily just stuck with the team deathmatch and still had a great game on their hands, but the inclusion of a 100-player battle royale (along with the fan-favorite zombie mode) just adds more value to the total package.

I've been playing CoD Mobile since the beta and it has been one of my go-to games whenever I've got a couple of minutes to kill. Because the game is so damn popular, it's super quick to jump into a match, whether you want to play with casuals or go up against more veteran players in a ranked match.

Because it's a free-to-play game, there are the usual trappings including in-app purchases for buying in-game currency, which can then be spent on battle crates filled with random rewards, and a tiered progression path with premium subscriptions available to net more rewards. Considering the console or PC versions of Call of Duty will set you back at least $60 upfront, along with all the eventual paid DLC and inevitable microtransactions for cosmetic upgrades, the mobile version ends up feels superior in terms of up-front value. You don't need to bust out your credit card to thoroughly enjoy this game — which is a big reason why Call of Duty Mobile demands the top spot on our list.


Call of Duty Mobile
Call of Duty has won Game of the Year awards for 2019 for good reason. It's a surprisingly complete version of Call of Duty for phones that's entirely free to play.

Doom & Doom II

That's right, it's the grandaddy of the first-person shooter and its awesome and equally as powerful sequel. Both of these games more than deserve a spot on this list not only for their timelessness, but because the Android ports are really quite good. Bethesda has fixed a lot of the early issues, including removing the Bethesda.net account requirement and tweaking the touchscreen controls, and now I can heartily recommend both games. I still suggest using a controller if you can, however.

Doom is almost 30 years old and boy, it's withstood the test of time. Like other 90s classics, Doom and Doom II were true passion projects, games that pushed the technological envelope at the time. While not technically impressive today — Doom can run on a pregnancy test — they maintain their charm, character, and near-flawless gameplay.

Top all of this off with an update that brought support for 16:9 resolutions and 90-120 frames per second and you got yourself a very fine duology of shooters. Though others in this section push what possible on mobile today, Doom and Doom II just chug along, providing joyful nostalgia to those of us who played them in our younger years or giving younger gamers a chance to experience video game history.


Doom
The king of classic first-person shooters, Doom introduced us to Doom Guy, a badass many of us have loved since. Kill demons as you collect different weapons and trudge your way through the base levels, additional content, and challenges.


Doom II
The sequel to the iconic Doom, Doom II sees you take up the mantle of Doom Guy once again as he goes demon hunting. Like Doom, there's plenty to do and see, and lots of enemies to take down.

Fortnite

Needing no introduction, one of the most popular games in the world is available in the Play Store. Love it or hate it, Fortnite is now easier for everyone to jump into on their phones without having to enable third-party installations. So even though you've been able to play Fortnite on Android for over a year, we thought it belonged here on this list now more than ever.

Odds are you either know of Fortnite on your own or you know someone who's into it. Though many have tried to unseat it, it remains a juggernaut in the gaming world. Its free-to-play nature combined with its cartoonish graphics and simple gameplay loop help explain why it's so popular; its easy-to-play, yet difficult-to-master approach is why so many find it enjoyable.

Of course, Fortnite is also infamous for its microtransactions, which you can expect here in the Android version. Overall, I hear they're handled pretty well. That being said, keep in mind that this isn't just a mobile version of Fortnite, it's the full experience on mobile, complete with every update and goody. You can access all of your account stuff, too, including unlocking progress on your Battle Pass.

Unfortunately, a legal spat between Google and Epic has forced the game off the Play Store, but there are still other ways to play Fortnite on your Android phone. We're linking to the Samsung Galaxy Store below, but you can probably find other ways if you try had enough.


Fortnite
Though not new to Android, Fortnite is available in the Samsung Galaxy Store, making it easier for anyone to try out on their own. Now's your chance to join in the battle royale fun.

Infinity Ops

Infinity Ops is a sci-fi multiplayer shooter that is, well... it's really awesome. I've played this game for hours and I love every minute of it. It's like if you took Bright Memory, Halo, and Destiny PvP and mashed it together with some Titanfall 2 thrown in for good measure.

So if that sounds interesting to you, then I highly suggest you check out Infinity Ops. There are classes to choose from, guns to earn and/or buy, and even maps that have varying levels of gravity to shake things up. The robust social features are great for people who appreciate that sort of thing. There are even clans!

Infinity Ops is free-to-play, with microtransactions going toward new weapons and gear. So yeah, it's got the usual freemium nonsense, but the game itself is solid. Did I mention that it has jetpacks and giant mechs?


Infinity Ops
A multiplayer sci-fi shooter with different classes, guns, and abilities. Sounds cool, right? Infinity Ops is a great game if you're looking to kill time.

JYDGE

JYDGE is a gritty and violent top-down twin-stick shooter that is an absolute blast to play. You are the JYDGE, a cybernetic enforcement officer who uses his Gavel (see: BIG freaking gun) to dole out RoboCop-style justice.

Each level features different challenges that are required to progress but never feel like a slogging chore. Confiscating illegal cash along the way, you're able to upgrade JYDGE and his gavel with a deep selection of accessories. In that way, JYDGE retains the rogue-like element from its predecessor Neon Chrome by encouraging you to replay levels with different upgrade combinations until you complete all the challenges.

With a game that has you replay levels over and over again, it's imperative for a game to find that mix of great gameplay with an interesting soundtrack that isn't super annoying or repetitive — and JYDGE absolutely delivers.

Check out my full review if you need more convincing.


JYDGE
JYDGE is straight-up one of the most badass shooter games you'll find in the Google Play Store. This is a twin-stick top-down shooter that features a ton of ways to upgrade your weapons as you dole out justice with your Gavel.

PUBG Mobile

It's incredible how well PUBG Mobile plays on Android. What started out as a massive 100-player battle royale game has continued to grow and evolve into the all-time best action shooter game for mobile. Drop into massive maps loaded with weapons, ammo, tactical gear, and vehicles in classic battle royale modes. You drop in as a solo player or as part of a team and must use all your best skills to take down your opponents until you're the last man standing.

It's not unheard of for a popular PC or console release to find its way to Android, but you'll be surprised at how well PUBG plays on a smartphone. It's the best game available for Android despite some of the more frustrating aspects of the way the coolest loot is hidden in exploitive loot boxes that are simply should not exist. Nonetheless, the game is free-to-play and accessible for so many gamers.

I like to play with maxed-out graphics, but the game also lets you scale back the graphical detail so you can enjoy smooth gameplay even playing on an older device. If you've got a newer device, crank those settings to the max and enjoy one of the best looking mobile games I've played in a long while. Got an older phone with limited specs, but still want to get in the game? Check out PUBG Mobile Lite which is specifically designed to take up less space on your phone and run smoothly on phones with less RAM.

PUBG Mobile somehow delivers all the epic moments you'd expect the PC game scaled down perfectly for mobile devices, and they've truly embraced the success by continuing to add new EvoGround game modes including a dedicated zombie Battle Royale mode, multiple team deathmatch modes, explosive new vehicular assault RageGear modes, and Payload mode, which introduced helicopters, miniguns, and a rocket launcher. Get your squad together and I'll see you on the battleground!


PUBG Mobile
PUBG Mobile is a free-to-play battle royale shooter that pits you against up to 99 other players. With an ever-growing list of maps and game modes to choose from, it's one of the best games available to play on Android.

Tesla vs Lovecraft

Tesla vs Lovecraft is the latest game from Finnish developers 10tons Ltd and it's a real treat. The game pits Nikola Tesla and his hi-tech inventions against a vengeful H.P. Lovecraft who has unleashed endless waves of nightmarish monsters that will quickly swarm around you unless you fight back.

This is an incredibly polished game that twin-stick controls for moving and shooting. The campaign gradually increases in difficulty with well over 200 enemies spawning on screen at one time if you aren't fast with your trigger finger. Fortunately, there are power-ups and perks aplenty which are accessible in rogue-like fashion. You collect XP as you slay monsters and get a new perk every time you level up. Power-ups and weapons randomly spawn on the map and you'll also want to collect the six pieces required to build Tesla's mech which can cut down any horde in short order.

The touchscreen controls feel comfortable and the game also offers great support for Bluetooth controllers which is always fantastic to see in a premium game. There's a ton of content built into the base game, along with some DLC available that offers new monsters, weapons and much more. Don't be worry, the game feels polished without needing to shell out more money, but once you've finally made it through everything that Tesla vs Lovecraft has to offer you might be glad there's a little bit more to explore.


Tesla vs Lovecraft
Tesla vs Lovecraft is the latest game from Finnish developers 10tons Ltd and it's a real treat. The game pits Nikola Tesla and his hi-tech inventions against a vengeful H.P. Lovecraft who has unleashed endless waves of nightmarish monsters.