The Best Sims

Much like the puzzle and platformer games, sim defines a wide variety of titles. The gist is that you're simulating something, be you god or farmer. For the most part, these types of games are relaxing and enjoyable as time-wasters or time-sinks.

Godus

Ever wanted to play god? Godus offers you that chance, giving you power over the very earth itself. You have worshippers who will praise your benevolent name as you teach them how to improve their civilization. Of course, you can also be a terrible god and sometimes you'll have to be.

Watch as the world evolves around to you and you continue to shape it to your whim. Use your godly powers to create structures for your humans, send loving or destructive miracles, and sculpt things to your personal liking. It's quite the addicting game once you figure out the gameplay.

Godus is free to play, but it contains in-app purchases for Gems.


Godus
Literally play god in Godus, a simulator where you guide a human civilization through its infancy. Sculpt the land to your liking, earn your followers' worship, and become a god.

Graveyard Keeper

Graveyard Keeper is a cemetery management sim that you can easily sink hours into while enjoying the dark humor of the rather grim subject matter. You may think a game that has you play the role of a town's gravedigger would be depressing and drab, but Graveyard Keeper's bright and colorful art style coupled with the open world and deep crafting mechanics keep things really interesting. You're also rewarded for cutting corners and getting creative. For example, you can start selling ground-up dead bodies to the local butcher, host witch-burning parties, or try and poison some of the local townsfolk to drive in more business.

That's the difference between a premium mobile title like Graveyard Keeper and most other free-to-play mobile sim games — collecting resources isn't time-restricted for hours and you're able to craft anything you need in the game just by foraging, completing quests, and maintaining your graveyard. You'll enjoy the extended play of exploring dungeons and completing quests to find rare supplies and other treasures.

As you can see from the trailer, this game is absolutely gorgeous with a concise and detailed art style and beautiful animations. Because this is a direct port of a PC/console game, you should prepare to sink many many hours into this game, which may include just figuring out the different menus and controls as you work out how to be the best Graveyard Keeper you can be!


Graveyard Keeper
Graveyard Keeper is a gravedigger simulator with a dark sense of humor where you've got to come up with creative ways to drum up new business.

Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
Gta San Andreas
Source: Google Play Store

Another classic game brought to us on Android, Grand Theft Auto (GTA): San Andreas is just what you would expect. It's an open-world sandbox, where you're free to do what you want. Unlike later GTA games that take place in specific cities, San Andreas spans an entire state in three cities. Suffice to say, there's a lot of game here.

You play as Carl Johnson as he returns to Los Santos to save his failing family and friends. Upon your return, you're framed for murder and you have to escape "justice" and take back the streets. All in all, it's a fun game and Rockstar says you can expect 70 hours of gameplay. That's crazy.

70 hours of gameplay for $7 is even crazier. The GTA experience is pretty well-known by now, so you probably know what you can expect.


Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
Grand Theft Auto needs no introduction and San Andreas is a great entry. You can expect plenty of shenanigans and freedom, plus tons of game time.

Minecraft

Minecraft is one of those cultural phenomenons. Utterly recognizable even by many non-gamers, Minecraft built a reputation for itself based on simplistic yet complex gameplay, a unique visual style, and endless replayability. Though many years old at this point, it's a game that's still going strong and it's an obvious addition to this list.

Feature-rich and fully-supported, the Android version of Minecraft is as complete as any other. It sports full cross-play with Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Switch, Windows 10, and iOS. It also gets the latest updates so that you can enjoy everything your friends on other platforms can. Controllers are also an available option. And with over 3 million reviews on the Play Store alone, with an average of 4.5 stars, Minecraft is definitely a worthy purchase.

You can unleash your creativity in Creative Mode; or go hardcore in Survival Mode where you're forced to delve deep for resources to craft protections for yourself. Minecraft truly is a mind-boggling game in its scope and execution. At $7, it feels a bit on the pricey side for an Android game, but our resident Minecraft expert assures me that it's so worth it.


Minecraft
Minecraft's Android version is as complete as any other platform variant. Explore, dig, build, craft in this wildly popular sandbox.

Penguin Isle

One of the best things about sim games is that they can be unusually relaxing. Sometimes, they can also be cute and there's not a whole lot cuter than penguins. So what happens when you combine something super chill and those adorable flightless birds? You get Penguin Isle.

This is one of those idle games meant to be ultimately relaxing while keeping you just slightly busy creating the perfect habitats for your penguins. The music is super easy-going and fantastic to listen to while you mindlessly play. You can collect a nice variety of penguins (and other arctic animals) as you build out your habitats for them.

Everything about this game is just to chillax. The animations are super fun to watch, I love the music and the sound of the waves, and the mindlessness lets you enjoy the adorable penguins. The art design is great, too, and it's super satisfying to build everything out.


Penguin Isle
Penguin Isle is the perfect game for relaxing and enjoying cute penguins. It's a fun game that's solely designed to help you chill out (pun intended).

Stardew Valley

If you've never heard of or played Stardew Valley before, it's basically a farming simulator built atop a robust 16-bit open-ended RPG that lets you play and develop your character and farm as you choose. The story begins with your character's arrival in Pelican Town, where you have decided to take over your grandfather's simple family farm.

What makes Stardew Valley such a joy to play is the freedom granted to the player to make the game your own. If you focus on building up your farm, the game is mostly about crop and resource management, which will certainly scratch a certain itch for mobile gamers given how popular that genre of RPG is on mobile — but with Stardew Valley, there's so much more for the player to explore.

Between planting and harvesting your fields, you can work to level up your character's skills with different tools by going fishing or foraging in the woods, head to town to socialize and build relationships with the townsfolk (and even get married, if you choose), or go off on a more traditional combat-based RPG adventure complete with quests to complete and monster-infested mines to explore.


Stardew Valley
One of the most celebrated RPGs of the last decade has been optimized for mobile and is a must-play for gamers of all ages.

Whispers of a Machine

If you played games from the 90's, then you'll probably remember the old point-and-click adventures. Some stand out after all these years, like Beneath a Steel Sky, Myst, and many others. Since the mobile gaming revolution, however, we've seen less point-and-clicks than I initially thought we would. After all, the touchscreen is as perfect a medium for this type of game as a mouse is.

So that's why I'm happy to present Whispers of a Machine, a point-and-click Nordic noir adventure. If you like low-scale cyberpunk and detective mysteries all in a convenient mobile package, then Whispers of a Machine was made for you. It features a gripping murder mystery to solve, interesting characters to meet, an awesome protagonist, and beautiful art to enjoy. This is a game that will keep you clasped within its claws for a long time.

It's also available on PC if you'd rather go really old school with the point-and-click stuff, but I actually prefer the mobile version. It's definitely a time investment, but it's well worth the money, even for just the setting alone. It just oozes futurism and discusses the impacts of AI technology. It's quite the treat.


Whispers of a Machine
Embark on a Nordic noir point-and-click adventure with Whispers of a Machine. It's a stellar game all around and grips you the entire time you play.

The Best Racing Games

Racing games are pretty self-explanatory. Drive some kind of vehicle (or character) and beat the computer or other players to the finish line. Simple enough. There are some great options out there, since this is another genre that translates well to mobile.

Asphalt 9: Legends

Aspahlt, a long-standing mobile racing title, hit its 9th iteration, if you can believe it. Considered one of the go-to racing games, Asphalt does a great job at pushing modern phones with its repertoire of jaw-dropping hypercars. The ultimate goal is to become a street racing legend, so hopefully you've got the adrenaline addiction to see yourself through to that end. You'll be limited only by the freemium mechanics at play that encourages you to spend more.

It does feature gorgeous graphics, awesome driving sequences, and other eye candy. Asphalt 9 is quite the looker, especially if you have a great display on your phone. There's also plenty of cars to choose from and you can customize them, too! There are races against AI and other players to keep you interested and entertained.

It's also free to play and it contains microtransactions. It's what you'd expect, all told, and no one should be surprised. Still, Asphalt 9 is fine in bursts.


Asphalt 9: Legends
Experience high-octane action as you race the streets with your choice of car. Get ready for an intense thrill ride.

Data Wing

Data Wing is a fun, simple racing adventure with a story, gorgeous Tron-inspired visuals, and a simple premise. It's basically perfect for any 80s/retrowave fan, myself included, but I think anyone can get a lot of fun out of it. That soundtrack is pretty great, too.

The story focuses on you navigating your data wing through different racing courses at the behest of the Mother, an AI who doesn't seem quite right. Your main purpose in "life" is to ferry data from one point to the next and you're highly disposable. It's not exactly the most uplifting story, but it'll do.

Touch controls are on point and the levels are awesome to look at. You'll probably finish Data Wing pretty quick, but it's really fun to go back and do it all over again. There's high replay value here. Data Wing is, frankly, awesome and absolutely worth picking up. Best of all, it's completely free with no ads or IAPs in sight. So race away and try out this game.


Data Wing
Another excellent freebie, Data Wing is a gorgeous racing adventure that takes obvious cues from Tron's neonscape. It's a brilliant little game and worth playing.

GRID Autosport

Taking things a bit further than Asphalt 9 is GRID Autosport. A console port done by the fantastic folks at Feral Interactive (well known in the Linux gaming community), Grid features jaw-dropping graphics, intense driving gameplay, and amazing thrills.

A high cost to entry, perhaps, but it's a buy once and done deal. You even get all of the DLCs included. For your $10, you'll have access to 100 cars and 100 maps with multiple control and difficulty options to suit your play style. It's a graphically intense game and Feral only supports a few phones. If it's not available to you in the Play Store, your phone probably can't handle it.

Grid is meant for racing game enthusiasts, especially those who are tired of the freemium tactics, like those you'd find in Asphalt 9. There's something to be said for a high initial price tag.


GRID Autosport
Check out this mobile port of a AAA console racing game and be amazed. Not only is it beautiful, but it packs in a ton of a value for $10. Race to your heart's content.

Mario Kart Tour

No list of racing games would be complete without Mario Kart Tour, for better or for worse. A household name when it comes to racing games, Mario Kart is the long-standing king of the genre. When it finally came to mobile not too long ago, there was much joy. That was later soured by some of Nintendo's mobile practices, but that's for another time.

There's not too much to say about Tour other than it's Mario Kart. Race with your favorite character in maps inspired by real-world cities and earn new drivers, karts, and badges. It is free to play with microtransactions, though.


Mario Kart Tour
Mario Kart Tour is the mobile version of the venerable, long-standing racing franchise. It's more of what you would expect with mobile monetization thrown in for good measure.

Riptide GP: Renegade

Say you like racing games, but cars and cartoon characters aren't your thing. Then maybe you'll find Riptide GP: Renegade to your liking. Where it differs from other racing games is that you're on futuristic, high-speed hydrojets. Instead of a road or something similar, the waterways are your track. Sign me up.

In Renegade, you've been ousted from the Riptide GP league and instead have to make your living illegally racing. Power through city waterways, flooded ruins, and more all while avoiding cops. You'll unlock new vehicles the longer you play, plus new customization options. Take on fun bosses and build your crew.

There's also online 8-man multiplayer races for you to put your skills to the test. You can engage in leaderboard activities, too, and even local split-screen. It's a lot of game for $3 and it's great for all fans of racing games.


Riptide GP: Renegade
Experience the fun of illicit water racing with Riptide GP: Renegade. Go rogue and make your own career, or go online to race others.

Sonic Forces

I'm a bit biased here, but I grew up with Sonic the Hedgehog. So when I saw Sonic Forces, I was immediately intrigued. While I never quite got into Team Sonic Racing or Sonic & Sega All Stars Racing, I was interested in Forces because it takes the anthropomorphized animals out of go karts and onto their own two feet.

While it's ridiculous to see Big the Cat keep up with Shadow, it's still a fun game that lets you play your favorite character (once you unlock them) and race other people. There's more to it than just racing, though. Much like you'd find in Mario Kart, you can offset your opponents with traps, dodge the ones they leave for you, aall while you try to make it to the finish line first.

The whole cast of characters is here, but most have to be unlocked first. This is where I tell you that the game is free to play, but features microtransactions to unlock new characters and abilities. It's sad to see Sonic monetized like this, but I enjoy the core gameplay.


Sonic Forces
Sonic and friends come to mobile again, this time to duke it out in a contest of speed. Do your best to derail your opponents because they'll be doing the same to you.

Windy Slider
Windy Slider
Source: Jordan Palmer / Android Central

Imagine, if you will, taking the hilarious physics of Fall Guys and making a racing game out of it. At its core, Windy Slider is a racing game, sure, but I almost think it's a disservice to reduce this game to that simple genre moniker. No, it's much more than that.

I love this game, and I love it to the point where it's hard to even talk about it. All I can really muster is: go play Windy Slider, right now. You'll thank me later.

The premise of Windy Slider is dead simple: hold the screen to accelerate, let go to jump. That's all there is to it. Now, you have the momentum to worry about, too, so you'll want to time your jumps and make your landings carefully. Too often, I've made a huge leap only to land on an incline and slide back down.

There are other obstacles, too, like rails above you, big spinners, and boxes that stop you flat. The way the camera is set up, you sometimes won't see these obstructions, and that's part of the fun. Sure, you're racing the AI, but the point is to have fun, laugh, and just enjoy yourself. Too often, we focus on games that have win/lose or pass/fail states, which is fine, but sometimes we need a game that just lets us lay back and play.

The only true sense of progression with Windy Slider is earning new colors. As you travel along the rails of the track you're on, you'll leave behind a paint trail. It reminds me of Splatoon in some ways, but there's no gameplay effect from it, just aesthetics. You earn XP from completing races and accumulating points when you launch yourself across the finish line.

The fact that there are no ads or IAPs is startling. But if the developer is reading this, please let us donate to you via an in-app purchase. I want to see more. This game has a ton of potential, and I can see great possibilities for it.

Windy Slider is a new favorite of mine, and I hope you'll give it a chance. It's super simple to pick up, but addicting enough to keep you playing and earning new colors.


Windy Slider
Enjoy this wildly fun and simple game. Hold the screen to accelerate, release it to jump. Use your momentum to your advantage, but watch out for obstacles!

The Best Sports Games

The true heyday of sports games on Android has long gone. Most nowadays aren't worth your time. However, there are a few shining examples that stand out amongst the crowd, even if they include the usual freemium nonsense.

Australian Open Game
Ao Tennis
Source: Google Play

This is the best tennis game I've found for Android. Developed by Big Ant Studios for Tennis Australia to help promote the Australian Open, this free title delivers a surprisingly robust number of gameplay options. You can play a quick match, beat the AO tournament to unlock the other Grand Slam events, or play career mode with your customized player.

The default controls automatically position your player to return shots with swipes used to perform different techniques, but there are also settings for more advanced controls. But the better your timing, the better your shot will be. Difficulty increases as you go on, which is typical of tournament-style games.


Australian Open Game
Enjoy one of the best tennis games on Android with this free title. Create your own player and take on the AO tournament or just play a quick match.

eFootball PES 2020
Pro Evolution Soccer 2020
Source: PlayStation

Konami's celebrated football (soccer) franchise is back for 2020 with enhanced dribble controls and options for local and real-time online matches against friends or strangers. It's all part of the developer's focus on taking this mobile soccer game into the eSports realm with competitive online play that's responsive and rewarding.

Of course, there's more. The Inspire system lets you, well, inspire and/or influence how your teammates play, adding new levels of complexity. All of this focus on a quality gaming experience is meant to provide you with a game that tailors itself to you and your playstyle. I'd say the biggest downside with eFootball PES 2020 is that it's another freemium sports game.


eFootball PES 2020
If you like soccer, then Konami has you covered. Enjoy new dribble controls, the Inspire system, online matches, and more.

Madden NFL Mobile Football
Madden NFL 20
Source: PlayStation

Though it may not be the most lovable example, Madden is the hallmark football game series, even on Android. The mobile version is free to play, but it contains every bit of freemium garbage that EA could throw at it. We're talking loot boxes, ads, microtransactions, and the like.

Unfortunately, there's not much else when it comes to football on Android. This is the only way to play as or with your favorite players and teams. For your time, you get competitive play, dynamic football seasons, and new strategies to build your gameplay style around. There's also a co-op mode for you to help out your friends in their seasons or for them to help you.


Madden NFL Mobile Football
Madden NFL Mobile Football reigns supreme among the few playable American Football games available for Android. It comes with the usual freemium caveats, though.

MLB Nine Innings 2020
Mlb 9innings
Source: Google Play

MLB Nine Innings saw a 2020 refresh over the 2019 version. If you're into baseball, this is the game for you (on Android, anyway). It features all 30 MLB teams with 1,700 players and the roster was updated for all the 2019 season players. You can expect full 3D graphics and smooth gameplay for the best experience.

There's also an option for one-handed controls to make playing on your phone even easier. Not only is there autoplay, but you can choose to just play offense or defense, whichever suits your preference. You can go against other players across the world in the Ranked Battle, Clutch Hits, and Club Battle modes. Or stick to the League Mode, whichever appeals to you. MLB Nine Innings 2020 is free with in-app purchases.


MLB 9 Innings 20
The go-to baseball game for Android, MLB Nine Innings 2020 features all the stuff from the 2019 version, but updated for 2020. Challenge yourself or others in a variety of modes.

Motorball

Motorball puts you in control of an RC car as you try to score on your opponent. You use your car to push a large soccer ball into the other player's goal. If that sounds familiar, that's because it's basically the same premise as Rocket League, except on mobile and on a smaller scale. Sounds cool, right?

Unlike Rocket League, it's just you against another player instead of a team. And the camera is top-down instead of over the "shoulder." The graphics are also a bit cartoony, but that makes it a bit cuter. On its own merit, however, Motorball is a lot of fun, despite the presence of microtransactions.

The player who scores three goals wins the match. You can boost to get that extra bit of speed and pick up random power-ups to help (or hinder) you from scoring on your opponent. Be careful of scoring on yourself, too! Overall, Motorball is a ton of fun. The microtransactions aren't super invasive and there's a lot of stuff to earn. If you want a Rocket League-like experience on your phone, then check out Motorball.


Motorball
Kind of like Rocket League, Motorball is a smaller scale version of the popular RC car soccer. You play 1v1 matches and try to push a giant soccer ball into your opponent's goal.

NBA 2K20
Nba 2k20 Raptors
Source: 2K Games

NBA 2K20 is a rare premium sports title for Android that doesn't rely on microtransactions and loot crates, which automatically makes it a great game, in my opinion. The graphics and presentation are top-notch and compare nicely to the console versions.

NBA 2K20 offers multiple game modes, such as the MyCareer Run story mode, the new Run The Streets, and expanded NBA Stories for reliving some of the greatest moments in NBA History. You can also take on the role of a GM and manage a team, including scouting and rosters. There's also online multiplayer through LAN or Google Play Games for 5-on-5 matches. You even get a new soundtrack and full support for Bluetooth controllers.


NBA 2K20
NBA 2K20 is one of the best sports games on Android. For a mere $6, you get a lot of game modes.