Top Xbox One games 2020: Best Xbox One S and X games every gamer must own
Rik Henderson, Senior news editor  · 19 October 2020 · Analysis
XBOX
- Top-rated Xbox One games
- Fantastic single-player and multi-player games
Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Mail
Why you can trust Pocket-lint
(Pocket-lint) - If you're looking for something to play on your Xbox One S or Xbox One X you've come to the right place.

There are now thousands of games available for the Xbox One and choosing between them can be a tricky task. However, we've played a huge amount of them over the years and have our own favourites.

Prefer PlayStation? Best PlayStation 4 and PS4 Pro games every gamer must own
Here, then, are our picks for games you really should check out. Some are enhanced for Xbox One X and many of them are even available on Xbox Game Pass Ultimate - a subscription service to download and play full games as often as you like. It needn't cost the Earth, therefore.

Enjoy.

Red Dead Redemption 2
squirrel_widget_175763

Although Red Dead Redemption 2 starts slow, the amount of depth and variety in mission types will soon have you well and truly hooked. It is also massive, so make sure you put aside a month to get through everything it has to offer. And, with the addition of Red Dead Online, you'll have plenty to do even after the single-player story is finished.

Gears 5
squirrel_widget_148916

The fifth instalment in the Gears of War series - not including the prequel, Judgment - is a tour de force of a game that adds open world elements for the first time to great effect. It also puts you in the oversized COG shoes of Kait, the franchise's first female lead character, and has some truly memorable boss battles.

Borderlands 3
squirrel_widget_148917

Gearbox has created the best Borderlands yet. It feels very familiar to the others in the series, which is to its benefit as that makes it easy to launch straight into, but there is enough new and improved to sate the appetites of fans and newcomers alike.

Borderlands 3 review: Bigger, badder and bloody... funny
The Outer Worlds
squirrel_widget_168890

If you're a fan of action-RPGs and crave some proper Fallout-style action that's distilled to its proper essence – i.e. with none of that building nonsense or other extraneous elements – then you'll love The Outer Worlds.

The Outer Worlds review: Better than Fallout 4?
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
squirrel_widget_148920

Along with the superb single-player campaign and Special Ops, CoD: Modern Warfare all adds up to a mighty fine package. If there was a suspicion in recent years that the Call of Duty franchise was beginning to creak under the strain of its annual nature (albeit with a rotating roster of three developers taking turns), this game does a great job of allaying such fears.

Call of Duty Modern Warfare review: Stronger than ever
Fortnite
Fortnite is free to play and aimed at everyone - kids and adults alike. The mixture of first-person shooter gameplay, base-building and cartoon graphics attract young and old and with cross-platform play you can even take on those on Switch or PS4.

PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
Otherwise known as PUBG, this essentially kicked off the now massively popular Battle Royale format. It started on PC but came to Xbox One first - in terms of home console releases. It's no longer exclusive but the Xbox One version benefits from being around longer than PS4 and looks especially good on an Xbox One X.

Metro Exodus
squirrel_widget_175969

Post-apocalyptic games may have been done to death, but Metro Exodus still manages to generate a new spin on the genre, due at least in part to its uniquely Eastern European worldview. It's a fine game too: beautifully crafted, intelligently placed, rich in terms of story and endowed with gameplay that is both satisfyingly varied and nicely fettled.

Metro Exodus review: All aboard the superb single-player shooter
Assassin's Creed: Odyssey
squirrel_widget_145893

Assassin's Creed: Origins breathed fresh life into the franchise but Odyssey takes it in an all-new direction. Controls are similar, although the combat system gets even more of an overhaul and the game seems more like an RPG than before, with speech trees and levelling up on a scale like never before. Ancient Greece is also a great place to explore.

Assassin's Creed Odyssey review: Sparta-cular
Control
squirrel_widget_148915

If you like third-person shooters then Control offers up one that'll feel quite unlike any you've previously played, thanks to its stratospherically weird paranormal storyline. Both in terms of gameplay and ambience, Control is utterly original, very distinctive and deeply satisfying, thanks to a decent roster of side-missions and challenges beyond the main story.

Control review: Gloriously bonkers paranormal action
Ori and the Will of the Wisps
squirrel_widget_148927

A delightful sequel to Ori and the Blind Forest, this lovely platformer will win you over with gorgeous artwork and smooth, satisfying gameplay. It's an impressive package through and through, and can also scale up to give a serious challenge if you crank up the difficulty. Its gentle story and characterful animations should live long in the memory. 

Ori and the Will of the Wisps review: Platforming perfection?
Spyro Reignited Trilogy
squirrel_widget_175971

This is a splendid remaster of one of the most endearing platform game series of the 90s. It offers each of Spyro the Dragon, Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage! and Spyro: Year of the Dragon but with a major, modern overhaul of the visuals and audio. Developer Toys for Bob even got the voice actor for the two sequels to revoice Spyro in the first for continuity.

Spyro Reignited Trilogy initial review: The most lovingly created remaster yet?
Forza Horizon 4
squirrel_widget_145831

Not just one of the best driving games on the Xbox One, Forza Horizon 4 is one of the best on any games machine. Its UK setting works wonderfully for providing great variety in race styles and conditions. Plus, the seasons mechanic, with spring, summer, autumn and winter offering different themes throughout your gaming experience, makes for superb longevity.

Forza Horizon 4 review: Best racing game ever?
Hitman 2
squirrel_widget_175972

The Hitman reboot was a great episodic adventure but the sequel is even better - possibly the best stealth game ever, in fact. You'll need patience but the sheer number of ways to complete each assassination mission make it a game you will come back to again and again. This game also upgrades the episodes of the first, so you can revisit them too using the new and improved game engine.

Hitman 2 review: An utterly sublime stealth game
Doom
squirrel_widget_175973

Whatever Bethesda may believe, and whatever the tastes of millennials, Doom is all about its single-player campaign, which is a blood-smattered brilliant beast of a game. It's extensive, insanely hectic, unbelievably satisfying, gloriously gory to behold, and more than worthy update of the classic original.

Doom review: Redefining the remake
Resident Evil 2
squirrel_widget_146879

The original Resident Evil 2's horror dynamics garnered a huge amount of praise at the time. The 2019 remake makes the maximum use of modern technology to take them to an even higher plane. As a result the new Resident Evil 2 is an absolute tour de force - it's nothing less than an object lesson in how to remake an old game.

Resident Evil 2 review: An object lesson in how to remake a seminal game
Shadow of the Tomb Raider
squirrel_widget_145732

The last part of Lara Croft's origin trilogy is also the best. It is bigger than her previous two outings, has a more involving storyline and plenty of tombs to raid. The skill tree and role-playing elements are superbly realised and the graphics are simply stunning at times - especially when presented in 4K on an Xbox One X.

Shadow of the Tomb Raider review: Stealthy finale for Lara Croft trilogy
Monster Hunter: World
squirrel_widget_175975

Monster Hunter: World proves to be gloriously addictive and endlessly charming, offering an open world experience like few others. Environments are teeming with life and the RPG elements are great and easy to get to grips with, even to franchise newcomers. You'll soon find yourself addicted to both its charm and challenges. Much like us.

Monster Hunter World review: Taking down beasties in glorious fashion
Quantum Break
squirrel_widget_136887

Remedy's action adventure has a stellar cast and incredible character modelling to look just like each and every one of them. The time-travelling sci-fi plot is engaging and the gameplay mechanics are innovative and interesting enough to keep you gripped to the end. Your time manipulation abilities are especially fun to use. However, the biggest elements to Quantum Break that make it stand out are the several 20 minute long TV episodes that punctuate the action and further the story. They will divide opinion but are well-worth sticking with.

Quantum Break review: All in good time
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order
squirrel_widget_175976

When Electronic Arts secured the Star Wars licence, there was a lot of new hope (pardon the pun) that we'd get games of the quality of Star Wars Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II and Knights of the Old Republic. Sadly, while Battlefront I and II offered great multiplayer action and authentic visuals, they lacked in story or depth. Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order makes up for it in spades, with an expansive single-player campaign and gameplay that feels like a cross between Dark Souls and Tomb Raider. The force is strong in this one.

Just Cause 4
squirrel_widget_175977

As big fans of the series over the years, Just Cause 4 is everything we wanted in a big budget sequel. It offers similar crazy, madcap action sequences across an expanded open world environment. Most of all though, it doesn't take itself too seriously and is as much a giggle as it is a bombastic gameplay experience.

Just Cause 4 review: The master of mindless destruction
Sea of Thieves
squirrel_widget_144196

Sea of Thieves represents a risky approach to create a gameplay experience which feels fresh and unique. But it succeeds. It might just be the first game to nail the knotty conundrum of providing the tools with which gamers can create their own narratives.

Sea of Thieves review: Terrific team-play let down by tedious tasks
Devil May Cry 5
squirrel_widget_175978

Devil May Cry 5 is such an extreme joy to play - and is built on such a logical, focused structure - that you'll find yourself returning to it again and again, whenever you feel the need for a blast of cathartic, cobweb-blowing, spectacularly stylish action.

Devil May Cry 5 review: Focused and spectacular
Dark Souls 3
squirrel_widget_175979

As anyone who has played a Dark Souls game would expect, Dark Souls 3 is huge, gothic, creepy, studded with bosses which, when you first encounter them, seem impossibly daunting, yet irresistibly addictive. At times, you will curse the impulse which propels you back into its fetid world, as you struggle to advance even a couple of hundred metres. But the pay-off is that any small triumphs you manage to pull off will be so hard-won that they feel like mighty victories.

Dark Souls 3 review: As gothic, unforgiving and brilliant as ever
Halo 5: Guardians
squirrel_widget_135714

The fifth instalment of Master Chief’s adventures adds a fresh game style to the proceedings in the form of co-operative play during the campaign mode. You are always accompanied by three other characters for each mission, whether that’s with Master Chief’s team or a new team of Spartans led by Jameson Locke. And don’t worry if you can’t find three friends to play along with, Halo 5 does a very good job with artificial intelligence to give your companions life. There’s also the excellent new multiplayer mode to provide plenty of fun: Warzone. It can lead to some seriously bonkers battles.

Halo 5 Guardians review: Benefits with friends
No Man's Sky
squirrel_widget_175980

While No Man's Sky was criticised a fair amount straight after launch, continual updates and content patches have arrived to turn it into the space exploration game we all originally hoped for. And the long-awaited Xbox One version came with them from launch. Result.

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
squirrel_widget_133845

Not just one of the best games on the Xbox One, The Witcher 3 can lay claim as being one of the best of all time. It is an extraordinary feat in game design, where it seems that every action undertaken in the massive third-person RPG has an effect on the game world. Save a merchant from some bandits in a random encounter, for example, you might meet him again many hours later in a city, where he gives you a massive discount on items he has for sale. The world itself also seems alive and vibrant while the game is also capable of testing your skills so you don’t just blitz through it.

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt review: The best role-player since Skyrim
Grand Theft Auto V
squirrel_widget_175982

It took a while to get GTA V onto the current generation consoles but nobody can complain considering how much extra the improved game offers over the original version. For a start, Rockstar added a whole new first-person mode, which enables the player to experience the game from a different perspective, even if completed before. Plus, the graphics were given a tasty overhaul to make San Andreas look more spectacular than ever. And let’s face it, GTA V was always one of the best games available anyway.

Grand Theft Auto 5 review: Bona fide thrill ride on PS4 and Xbox One
Fallout 4
squirrel_widget_175983

Sprawling and vast, Fallout 4 is trickier to get into in comparison with the previous chapters on former generation machines, but it rewards stoicism with one of the biggest role-playing adventures of all time. It also adds a base building mechanic to the gameplay, where you can construct your own villages for fellow survivors, so adds something new to the first or third-person shooting and looting action of before.

Fallout 4 first impressions review: Radiating brilliance
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
squirrel_widget_175984

Kojima’s last Metal Gear Solid game for Konami also happens to be his grandest moment. Taking the franchise into the realms of open world seems to have been an inspired decision, with so much to do and missions to complete that you will be playing for hours. We know, we’ve still not seen everything there is to see in the game. We also love the way you can tackle just about everything in multiple fashions – run and gun or sneaking around are just two ways you can complete objectives, each causing different reactions.

Metal Gear Solid 5 The Phantom Pain review: The best stealth game ever made
Halo: The Master Chief Collection
squirrel_widget_131655

With Halo: The Master Chief Collection, 343 Industries put together an amazing package of the four best Halo games remastered for the current generation console. We've had Halo 5: Guardians since release, but the previous four are a worthy set of games regardless. The Xbox One version of Halo 2 is such an amazing upgrade to the Xbox original that it's almost worth the money on its own.

Halo: The Master Chief Collection review: High-def history lesson
Destiny 2
squirrel_widget_175985

Destiny 2 might have had its critics at launch, but it has improved into a very fine game, with multiple upgrades and campaign add-ons over the years. And, with Bungie having made the core experience free-to-play after becoming a self-publisher, there is now no excuse not to give it a whirl.

Destiny 2 Shadowkeep review: A glimpse of what Destiny 3 will deliver
Minecraft
squirrel_widget_175986

The continuing success of Minecraft might come as a surprise to some but with each new release a new generation of fans is born. And, because Microsoft is now the sole owner of the series, the Xbox One version is exemplary. It also offers cross-platform play.

Alien: Isolation
squirrel_widget_175987

Winner in the best game category at the Pocket-lint Gadget Awards back in 2014, Alien: Isolation maybe took many by surprise with its adherence to the tone of the first Alien movie, both graphically and thematically. Rather that arm you with hefty weaponry and send floods of xenomorphs in your direction, the name of the game is survival as you are hunted through a destroyed space station by just the one Alien. Cue some pant-wettingly scary moments.

Alien: Isolation review
Far Cry 4
squirrel_widget_175988

Although we love Far Cry 5, the former outing for the series is one of our favourite first-person shooters and remains the better of the two. Far Cry 4 has everything a modern game should offer. At its heart it's an FPS, but there are role-playing game elements, driving challenges, wonderful co-op play and one of the largest open world maps we've seen in such a game. The mission structure is excellent, while the amount of side missions and other things you can do is almost overwhelming. But perhaps the best thing about Far Cry 4 is the superb villain in Pagan Min. Evil and funny in equal measure and the closest you'll get to a truly realised Bond-style foe in gaming.

Far Cry 4 review: A shooter like no other
Dragon Age: Inquisition
squirrel_widget_175989

Although it helps to have played the previous Dragon Age games on older consoles beforehand – at least to follow the plot – Dragon Age: Inquisition is a mighty role-playing game from Bioware that deserves inspection regardless of whether you are a fan of the genre or not. Its storyline is broad and far reaching and the game has perhaps the most side missions and other things to do off the beaten path as any we can remember.

Batman: Arkham Knight
squirrel_widget_175990

Bigger than the other Batman games before it and stunningly beautiful to boot, Arkham Knight wraps up the trilogy in spectacular fashion. Without giving away too many spoilers, the use of the Joker throughout the game is inspired and we think the inclusion of the Batmobile adds variety to missions and the overall gameplay. Plus, the playable areas of Gotham City are so big this time around that it’s a thrill racing around them in the super-powered vehicle.

Batman Arkham Knight review: Best of the Bat yet
Project Cars: Game of the Year Edition
squirrel_widget_175991

The Forza series might be the best known in the simulation driving game genre when it comes to Xbox One, but the community created Project Cars matches it for realistic driving experiences. Where Project Cars takes the idea a little further is in offering the most amount of customisation for races you are likely to see in a racing game, even down to the ability of choosing how the weather will change with each lap. The first game is also far superior to the sequel, we feel.

Project Cars review: The best new-gen racer yet
Elite: Dangerous
squirrel_widget_175993

Based on the original game from the 80s, the Xbox One Elite: Dangerous is a fantastic space simulator that you will while hours away playing, often without even seeing another soul. It’s slightly trickier to control everything on your ship using a game controller rather than keyboard, mouse and, preferably, flight stick too, but once you get the hang of it a vast galaxy awaits you to explore, fight and eventually become an Elite pilot within.

The Escapists
One of the massive wave of games to adopt 8-bit graphics, The Escapists is a puzzle adventure game of sorts where you have to successfully escape a series of more difficult prisons. Where it succeeds is in its sense of humour and simple gameplay mechanics – a trademark of Team 17, also the creator of the Worms series. You probably won’t find many games as addictive as this little gem either.

Mad Max
squirrel_widget_175995

With Mad Max: Fury Road being a critical and box office hit, the Mad Max game needed to be every bit as good. Cleverly, the massively open-world adventure took the hand-to-hand fighting system from the Batman: Arkham series, which makes being on foot and exploring post-apocalyptic ruins more fun, while the car combat is fluid and great fun. There’s not really much of a plot – you must rebuild your car after the first one was stolen – but then there isn’t in the Mad Max films either. Doesn’t stop us loving them so much.

Mad Max first look review: Vast and furious
Life is Strange
Without a major licence to hang onto, the original Life is Strange could have escaped your notice, even though it features every bit as engrossing a story as The Walking Dead or other episodic adventure game. The five episodes, which follow teenage girl Max after she discovers she can turn back time, feature fantastic voice acting and twists and turns that will have you guessing until the very end. And the best part about it is that your actions determine the outcome. Its excellent sequel is also well worth your time.

Rocket League
squirrel_widget_175997

A bizarre hybrid of footy, driving sims and Robot Wars, Rocket League in an online multiplayer team game that's become a massive cult hit. Two teams of up to eight players have to basically use their rocket-powered cars to force a giant football into their opponents' goal. Bonkers and brilliant in equal measure.

The best browser games 2020: Find free fun without needing to pay
Max Freeman-Mills, Contributing editor  · 25 October 2020
DAMP GNAT
- Pass the time with these great free games that work in your web browser
Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Mail
Why you can trust Pocket-lint
(Pocket-lint) - Good old browser games - if you haven't dipped your toe into them particularly recently, you might suspect that they're relics from the internet's early days, a way to get some free gaming under your belt if you didn't have an actual console. Well, there are actually quite an impressive range of experiences out there in your browser. 

Then vs now: Video games through the decades
That could mean single-player time sinks, or massively multiplayer RPGs that span continents, some with text-based systems and others with impressive art and graphics. Regardless, you can bet on finding a range of great fun in these games.

We've listed some of the most fun, unique and compelling options out there for you in this feature, to help you find the perfect way to eat up some time, or indeed to help you discover your next obsession.  

FAILBETTER GAMES
Fallen London
Fallen London recently celebrated its tenth anniversary, which is quite the milestone for a text-based role-playing game of its sort. It's a text-based mystery adventure that's totally unique for each player, set in an alluring, scary Lovecraftian London. 

It's great fun to drop into every so often, checking in once or day or however much you like, to see what odd things happen to your character next, and to explore the many stories that you can happen across. 

Try Fallen London online here
DEREK YU
Spelunky
Spelunky is an undisputed great in all of gaming, not just for browser games. It's a randomised exploration game that sees you plumbing the depths of a cave system in search of treasure, which you'll find plenty of. 

The best game characters that defined 25 years of PlayStation
An HD version of the game followed this low-fi edition, but it's just as fun to play the original, and is just as open to speedrunning and replayability. A real classic. 

Try Spelunky online here
KIZI
10 Bullets
A simple premise is at the core of 10 bullets - you control a turret that has 10 shots to make, and you can make them whenever you like. Each bullet you fire can set off chain reactions when it hits a flying ship, so it's just a matter of trying to create the most chaos you can with your ammunition. 

It's a great little "one more try" game, that encourages you to keep seeing what tactics work best and to be patient with your shots. That makes it a great way to fill a few minutes of idle time.

It's a great little "one more try" game, that encourages you to keep seeing what tactics work best, and to be patient with your shots. That makes it a great way to fill a few minutes of idle time.

Try 10 Bullets online here
SIRVO LLC
Threes!
Chances are you've played 2048 at some point - the simple maths game went massive a few years ago. Well, say it quietly, but it was ripping off the identical concept but far superior design and art of Threes! Most commonly played as an app, you can nonetheless have a great time with this simple game in your browser for free.

It's devilishly simple, but getting seriously good at it is no mean feat, and certainly plenty of our brain cells have wasted away trying to get to higher and higher numbers over time. 

Try Threes! online here
JAGEX
Runescape
Another genuine classic of the online gaming world is Runescape - it's old enough now that generations of players have passed through its ranks. A massive multiplayer RPG, Runescape gives you total freedom to shape your character, profession and quests.

It's amazing how long it's lasted, and developer Jagex has continually reinvented it over the years, making it more and more welcoming for first-time players. There's no time like the present to dive in!

Try Runescape online here
DOUBLESPEAKGAMES
A Dark Room
A Dark Room is like an enigmatic take on a classic clicker game - you can't do much at a time, so it's all about leaving it open in a tab and coming back to convert actions every so often. It's careful with its story details, meting them out slowly over time. 

You play a stranger stranded in frontier lands, building up a small community over time but always under threat from animals and the weather. 

Try A Dark Room online here
EMERGENT STUDIOS
Line Rider
You might think that calling Line Rider a game is stretching it, but you get out whatever you put into it. It's a classic bit of internet fun that lets you draw out a course for your little sledder to follow. 

Get drawn into it and before you know it you'll have massive, complex patterns for it to play through. People have even synced up their tracks to famous music for added credit. 

Try Line Rider online here
OASIS TECH
AI Dungeon 2
The power of artificial intelligence is hard to overstate, and so too is its potential to radically change loads of processes in our everyday lives. It's also got some fun uses, though, as showcased by the second version of AI Dungeon, which writes a custom and random role playing text adventure for you to play each time you open it, according to a few parameters.

AI expert: Artificial intelligence will replace us at work, but we needn't be worried
You might not find every iteration a rip-roaring story success, but this is worth experimenting with purely to see what it throws up, and before you know it you're likely to be enveloped by a world completely unique to you. 

Try AI Dungeon 2 online here
GEOGUESSR AB
GeoGuessr
This is another classic internet game - GeoGuessr drops you onto a random spot on Google Street View, potentially anywhere in the entire world. Your job is simply to place a pin on Google Maps to estimate where you think you are. 

It's endlessly fun, and the random element means that no two games are the same. Sometimes it'll be easy for you to work out your location, while other times you'll have absolutely no idea. 

Try GeoGuessr online here
ID SOFTWARE
DOOM
A gaming classic, ported into Adobe's Flash player and available to play online - that's the easy sell for DOOM. It's one of the most influential (and fun) first-person shooters of all time, and is really simple to play by modern standards.

Doom review: Redefining the remake
There's not much more to say, beyond the fact that if you've never played the original DOOM, and especially if you enjoyed the 2016 update for modern consoles, you've got to give it a try. 

Try DOOM online here
FODDY.NET
QWOP
We close out our list with a game so famous that it basically introduces itself - QWOP. You have only those four buttons on your keyboard to try desperately to control an athlete attempting a straightforward sprint. 

If you've never seen it played, trust us when we say that it's about a million times harder than it sounds. Borderline impossible, but reliable funny to watch and compete with friends on, QWOP is a piece of internet history that you can still try for free any time you like. 

Try QWOP online here
GOOGLE
Cube Slam
One of Google's range of Chrome Experiments, Cube Slam is a simple reimagining of the classic Pong game - you'll move a paddle to play tennis against opponents. It's got a great, simple blocky art style and is fun and responsive to play.

Plus, with a load of difficulties to progress through, you'll have lots of room to improve and hone your skills over time. 

Best Xbox deals for Black Friday 2020: Xbox Series X/S and One accessories and more
Try Cube Slam online here
DAMP GNAT
Wonderputt
There's nothing quite like a quick golf game, but Wonderputt takes the formula and reinvents it through interesting transitions and inventive level design. You'll play through a long series of holes in an evolving world that is reminiscent of Monument Valley and M C Escher's drawings. 

It's great fun, and not too taxing at all. 

Try Wonderputt online here
MSCHF
Dino Swords
You probably know about Google's dinosaur game where you can control a small T-Rex, jumping over obstacles trying to get high-scores when you're internet is broken. 

Dino Swords is a modified version of the game that was crafted by creative agency MSCHF and includes a variety of weapons to make things interesting. You can grab guns, swords, bats and more as you plough through to simply destroy the cacti in your way. 

Can you get a high score?

Try Dino Swords online here