Home Home Towns cities & culture Towns & cities UNESCO World Heritage Shopping Museums Palaces parks & gardens Music & shows Food & Drink Jewish Traveler Traditions and customs TOP 100 Learning German Leisure and recreation Natural landscapes Hiking Germanys islands Health & wellness Cycling Scenic routes Spiritual travel Specials Home of the car Medicine Creative Christmas Family attractions Luther Travel information Germany at a glance Useful facts Along the way Accommodation Federal states Campsite search Germany for ...
Young people Families LGBT 50+ Travellers Business travel Trade fairs Conferences in Germany Events Events Barrier-free travel Barrier-free travel Sustainable travel Sustainable travel Media gallery Media gallery About us Press Trade Is this your country? No Yes Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia/Herzegovina Brasil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Language English Deutsch Français Home ms TOP 100 content Bavarian Forest National Park Bavarian Forest National Park ©Tourismusverband Ostbayern e.V./Andreas Hub info Please select...
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Bavarian Forest National Park Berlin Wall Berlin Zoo Berlins Museum Island Brandenburg Gate Cochem Castle Düsseldorfs old quarter Eltz Castle Geierlay rope bridge Golden Hall in Augsburg Hofbräuhaus beer hall Lake Constance Marienplatz Michelstadt Oktoberfest Rüdesheim am Rhein Ulm Minster Wernigerode Wildpark Bad Mergentheim Zugspitze das Deutsche Eck government quarter in Berlin the Loreley Photos | 360° videos 80 German National Tourist Board Visitors Choice 2017 Bavarian Forest National Park Discover the TOP 100 at www.germany.travel/top100 A vast unspoilt forest wilderness – the Bavarian Forest National Park Bavaria located in the south-eastern corner of Germany is home to the countrys first national park which was founded in 1970 and extended to its present size of 243 square kilometres in 1997.
Together with the Bohemian Forest National Park adjoining it to the east the Bavarian Forest National Park is the largest unbroken area of protected forest in central Europe.
The philosophy of the National Park is to leave nature be borne out by giving it free and unrestricted reign and leaving it entirely to its own devices.
More than 300 km of clearly marked footpaths almost 200 km of cycle routes and some 80 km of cross-country ski trails offer visitors plenty of opportunity to appreciate the beauty of the national park for themselves both in summer and in winter.
There is such a lot to discover on a journey through this unspoilt highland region 95 per cent of which is covered by forest from mysterious moorland and crystal-clear mountain streams to Lake Rachelsee the national parks only glacial lake.
Other attractions include a number of themed trails such as the Watzlik-Hain Schachten & Filze and Seelensteig trails trail networks like Lusenwandergebiet and Felswandergebiet and the ancient woodlands of Rachel-Falkenstein.
A rather harsh continental climate long snowy winters and substantial differences in altitude 600 m to 1453 m provide perfect conditions for indigenous species including eagle owls Ural owls ravens otters wood grouse hazel grouse and three-toed woodpeckers.
You can see many of these animals in the wildlife enclosure near Neuschönau.
The forest play area and the wilderness camp on Mount Falkenstein the only one of its kind in Europe offer children and young people unforgettable experiences in an unspoilt wilderness.
You can find out more about the history of the Bavarian Forest National Park including plenty of fascinating facts and figures at the St.
Oswald Museum and the Hans-Eisenmann-Haus information centre near Neuschönau.
read more » « less Related topics Cycling Walking Nature & technology www.nationalpark-bayerischer-wald.de Copyrights Home ms TOP 100 content Bavarian Forest National Park top of page Search at germany.travel Discover Destination Germany with our interactive map 0 My travel planner Site map | Legal notice Data protection Search at germany.travel Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Find us on YouTube Scan the Snapcode with your mobile device and find us on Snapchat E-Mail Newsletter Thank you! Youre almost there You will now receive an email with your registered data.
Please click on the link in the newsletter to confirm.
You will then be signed up to our newsletter.
Please fill in all required fields.
Salutation optional Mr Ms Select country * Argentina Australia Austria Belgium FR Belgium NL Bosnia/Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria China Mainland China South China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Hong Kong Hungary Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand USA United Arab Emirates United Kingdom By sending this form I consent to the storage processing of my data for direct marketing including profiling and tracking clicks and forwarding of my data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
I can withdraw my consent at any time.
If you do not tick the checkbox it signals that you object to the storage processing and forwarding of your data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
As such we will no longer be able to send you our newsletter for data privacy reasons * * required field Further information about newsletter sign-up This newsletter is a free service from Destination Germany.
We will tell you about the latest offers events new features on our website and up-to-date reports on Destination Germany.
Our newsletter may contain links to external websites run by our partners in the tourism industry and they may use tracking tools.
Until further notice we will use the information you have provided to send you our newsletter.
Your information will also be passed on to Wilken Rechenzentrum GmbH for this purpose.
We are using a double opt-in procedure for your security and for documentation purposes.
We will send you an email containing a confirmation link that you need to click on.
Only then will your data be stored accordingly and processed for dialogue marketing.
If you do not confirm by clicking on the link your data will be erased within 56 days.
You can withdraw from being sent the newsletter or from your data being stored and/or processed at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the bottom of every newsletter or by sending us an email.
Unsere Broschüren jetzt online blättern und herunterladen × Copyrights close.
