× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Turracher Höhe Turracher Höhe In Nockberge mountains between Styria and Carinthia in Austria is Turracher Höhe which is famous for its ski slopes.
There are ski slopes above the lake on the surrounding hills.
In summer it is a perfect destination for hiking and for other activities.
The idyllic mountains can be reached in only two hours.
Winter joy in Turracher Höhe The ski slopes lie 2205 metres above the sea and have a snowy blanket throughout the whole winter.
There are 14 funiculars and wide ski slopes which are never crowdy.
Ski slopes have different difficulty levels so they are also appropriate for the beginners.
You can also go cross-country skiing which aren’t easy because of the uneven terrain.
Cross country skiing is recommended only to experienced skiers.
Sledding is also a possible activity – there are special parts where sledding is allowed.
Nockberg also offers off-piste skiing.
Summer in idyllic mountain landscape There are many hiking paths you can choose from.
There are easy and short and long and hard.
But each hike will reward you with a beautiful view on the neighbouring hills and valleys.
In the valley there is a lake Turracher See which can be admired from the neighbouring hills.
In the winter the lake is icy so you can walk or skate on it.
And in the summer it is perfect for walking around the lake or boat riding.
If you’re not up for a hike you can go to the heart of the high hills with a funicular.
In summer months you can walk around enjoy the beautiful nature and take your children with you as there are many playgrounds for them to have fun.
When you step out of the funicular a wooden bunny will point your children in the right direction – to the playground.
The playgrounds aren’t only on one point.
They are all over the hill with a circular path which connects them.
The playgrounds are very original and will entertain children of all ages.
They will also entertain you.
You can go back to the valley with a funicular or with sledge and bathe in the special pool in the lake.
It looks like the pool is part of the lake but the water is heated so you can enjoy it the whole year.
There are a lot of possibilities for activities in this wonderful nature which has always been an attraction – in the past people searched for gold in this area.
While turning the big bowls watching the water pour away you will hope that there will be gold in the sand which will stay in the bowl.
With a little luck you can also find a mineral.
You simply have to spend at least a few days here so I would recommend nice hostel in Klagenfurt.
Related articles Show More Book things to do attractions and tours with 10% discount Subscribe Journalist Mateja Mazgan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
