Home Home Towns cities & culture Towns & cities UNESCO World Heritage Shopping Museums Palaces parks & gardens Music & shows Food & Drink Jewish Traveler Traditions and customs TOP 100 Learning German Leisure and recreation Natural landscapes Hiking Germanys islands Health & wellness Cycling Scenic routes Spiritual travel Specials Home of the car Medicine Creative Christmas Family attractions Luther Travel information Germany at a glance Useful facts Along the way Accommodation Federal states Campsite search Germany for ...
Young people Families LGBT 50+ Travellers Business travel Trade fairs Conferences in Germany Events Events Barrier-free travel Barrier-free travel Sustainable travel Sustainable travel Media gallery Media gallery About us Press Trade Is this your country? No Yes Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia/Herzegovina Brasil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Language English Deutsch Français Home ms TOP 100 content Berlin Zoo Berlin Zoo info Please select...
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Bavarian Forest National Park Berlin Wall Berlin Zoo Berlins Museum Island Brandenburg Gate Cochem Castle Düsseldorfs old quarter Eltz Castle Geierlay rope bridge Golden Hall in Augsburg Hofbräuhaus beer hall Lake Constance Marienplatz Michelstadt Oktoberfest Rüdesheim am Rhein Ulm Minster Wernigerode Wildpark Bad Mergentheim Zugspitze das Deutsche Eck government quarter in Berlin the Loreley Photos | 360° videos 99 German National Tourist Board Visitors Choice 2017 Berlin Zoo Discover the TOP 100 at www.germany.travel/top100 The zoo in Germanys capital Welcome to one of the most bio-diverse zoos in the world.
More than 18000 animals captivate visitors in the heart of Berlin.
The exotic animal houses and naturalistic enclosures are home to rare animals such as gorillas and kiwis.
As if Berlin didnt have enough sights and attractions to offer – the zoo is a real crowd-pleaser too! More than three million people a year come to this lush 35-hectare site to take a break from the hustle and bustle of the city.
The people of Berlin have a close relationship with their zoo and its residents.
The zoo here is one of the oldest in Germany and among the ten oldest around the world.
Nowhere else can you see so many different types of animal in such an amazing world of sounds smells colours and experiences.
Forgetting the animals for one moment the zoo itself offers a fine reflection of the past 160 years of zoological architecture from the historical menagerie and exotic-style buildings to the modern animal enclosures.
There is also an art nouveau aquarium spread over three levels which takes you on an expedition from the Great Barrier Reef with its tropical reef sharks to the crocodiles in the Amazon jungle.
Every couple of days or so the zookeepers announce the arrival of an adorable new baby animal which often become the stars of the zoo and firm favourites with visitors from around the world! www.hauptstadtzoo.de Copyrights Home ms TOP 100 content Berlin Zoo top of page Search at germany.travel Discover Destination Germany with our interactive map 0 My travel planner Site map | Legal notice Data protection Search at germany.travel Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Find us on YouTube Scan the Snapcode with your mobile device and find us on Snapchat E-Mail Newsletter Thank you! Youre almost there You will now receive an email with your registered data.
Please click on the link in the newsletter to confirm.
You will then be signed up to our newsletter.
Please fill in all required fields.
Salutation optional Mr Ms Select country * Argentina Australia Austria Belgium FR Belgium NL Bosnia/Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria China Mainland China South China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Hong Kong Hungary Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand USA United Arab Emirates United Kingdom By sending this form I consent to the storage processing of my data for direct marketing including profiling and tracking clicks and forwarding of my data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
I can withdraw my consent at any time.
If you do not tick the checkbox it signals that you object to the storage processing and forwarding of your data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
As such we will no longer be able to send you our newsletter for data privacy reasons * * required field Further information about newsletter sign-up This newsletter is a free service from Destination Germany.
We will tell you about the latest offers events new features on our website and up-to-date reports on Destination Germany.
Our newsletter may contain links to external websites run by our partners in the tourism industry and they may use tracking tools.
Until further notice we will use the information you have provided to send you our newsletter.
Your information will also be passed on to Wilken Rechenzentrum GmbH for this purpose.
We are using a double opt-in procedure for your security and for documentation purposes.
We will send you an email containing a confirmation link that you need to click on.
Only then will your data be stored accordingly and processed for dialogue marketing.
If you do not confirm by clicking on the link your data will be erased within 56 days.
You can withdraw from being sent the newsletter or from your data being stored and/or processed at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the bottom of every newsletter or by sending us an email.
Unsere Broschüren jetzt online blättern und herunterladen × Copyrights close.
