Home Home Towns cities & culture Towns & cities UNESCO World Heritage Shopping Museums Palaces parks & gardens Music & shows Food & Drink Jewish Traveler Traditions and customs TOP 100 Learning German Leisure and recreation Natural landscapes Hiking Germanys islands Health & wellness Cycling Scenic routes Spiritual travel Specials Home of the car Medicine Creative Christmas Family attractions Luther Travel information Germany at a glance Useful facts Along the way Accommodation Federal states Campsite search Germany for ...
Young people Families LGBT 50+ Travellers Business travel Trade fairs Conferences in Germany Events Events Barrier-free travel Barrier-free travel Sustainable travel Sustainable travel Media gallery Media gallery About us Press Trade Is this your country? No Yes Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia/Herzegovina Brasil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA Language English Deutsch Français Home ms TOP 100 content Geierlay rope bridge Geierlay bridge ©Ingo Börsch info Please select...
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Bavarian Forest National Park Berlin Wall Berlin Zoo Berlins Museum Island Brandenburg Gate Cochem Castle Düsseldorfs old quarter Eltz Castle Geierlay rope bridge Golden Hall in Augsburg Hofbräuhaus beer hall Lake Constance Marienplatz Michelstadt Oktoberfest Rüdesheim am Rhein Ulm Minster Wernigerode Wildpark Bad Mergentheim Zugspitze das Deutsche Eck government quarter in Berlin the Loreley Photos | 360° videos 95 German National Tourist Board Visitors Choice 2017 Geierlay rope bridge Discover the TOP 100 at www.germany.travel/top100 Spectacular views Geierlay rope bridge now open At a height of 100 metres Germanys second longest rope bridge opens up a unique view of the Hunsrück mountains to walkers and nature enthusiasts.
In 2015 the hotly anticipated Geierlay rope bridge in Mörsdorf Rhineland-Palatinate opened.
The structure spans the forested valley of a Moselle tributary deep in the heart of the Hunsrück mountains.
Measuring 360 metres in length Geierlay is the second longest rope bridge in Germany and offers adventurous visitors a unique experience 100 metres above the valley floor.
Lots of different bridge discovery routes set off from the newly built visitor centre in Mörsdorf.
There you can find detailed information on the walking routes and loop trails that take you across the Geierlay.
You can stop back at the centre on your return to relax in its restaurant and sample the regional dishes on offer.
Geierlay rope bridge can also be easily incorporated into more extensive walks.
Designated trails take you the short distance to the Saar-Hunsrück-Steig which runs right underneath the bridge.
This quality-certified long-distance walking route runs through the low-lying mountains for 410km.
Starting in Perl an der Mosel it passes through Trier and the Ruwer valley and on to Boppard in the World Heritage Upper Middle Rhine Valley leading walkers through some of the most beautiful scenery in Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland.
Click here to see live pictures from the Geierlay rope bridge webcam.
Copyrights Home ms TOP 100 content Geierlay rope bridge top of page Search at germany.travel Discover Destination Germany with our interactive map 0 My travel planner Site map | Legal notice Data protection Search at germany.travel Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Find us on YouTube Scan the Snapcode with your mobile device and find us on Snapchat E-Mail Newsletter Thank you! Youre almost there You will now receive an email with your registered data.
Please click on the link in the newsletter to confirm.
You will then be signed up to our newsletter.
Please fill in all required fields.
Salutation optional Mr Ms Select country * Argentina Australia Austria Belgium FR Belgium NL Bosnia/Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria China Mainland China South China Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Hong Kong Hungary Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Thailand USA United Arab Emirates United Kingdom By sending this form I consent to the storage processing of my data for direct marketing including profiling and tracking clicks and forwarding of my data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
I can withdraw my consent at any time.
If you do not tick the checkbox it signals that you object to the storage processing and forwarding of your data as defined in the Privacy Policy.
As such we will no longer be able to send you our newsletter for data privacy reasons * * required field Further information about newsletter sign-up This newsletter is a free service from Destination Germany.
We will tell you about the latest offers events new features on our website and up-to-date reports on Destination Germany.
Our newsletter may contain links to external websites run by our partners in the tourism industry and they may use tracking tools.
Until further notice we will use the information you have provided to send you our newsletter.
Your information will also be passed on to Wilken Rechenzentrum GmbH for this purpose.
We are using a double opt-in procedure for your security and for documentation purposes.
We will send you an email containing a confirmation link that you need to click on.
Only then will your data be stored accordingly and processed for dialogue marketing.
If you do not confirm by clicking on the link your data will be erased within 56 days.
You can withdraw from being sent the newsletter or from your data being stored and/or processed at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the bottom of every newsletter or by sending us an email.
Unsere Broschüren jetzt online blättern und herunterladen × Copyrights close.
