× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria The valley of falling water – Maltatal The valley of falling water – Maltatal Maltatal is a valley where youll for some 14 kilometres stretch of road see more waterfalls rapids and even a huge dam than you can imagine.
The interesting mountain panoramic road to the famous lake is very attractive for bikers cyclists and hikers… as well as many other athletes who use it as the base to go on in the mountains.
The famous road start at the elevation of 911 meters and ends at 1933 meters with many tunnels of which some more resemble mines.
The panoramic road ends at the parking road of the hotel near the lake.
The best view of the clear water is from the lookout point the »Skywalk« suspended 200 meters above ground hooked to the dam.
Falling waters The valley of Malta has many waterfalls and in the winter they become attractive for ice climbing.
During summer people prefer watching them or climb the established feratas along the falling water.
This is a great way to cool off in hot summer days.
Climbing is very attractive and you get a special set of guides for it.
Ice climbing is especially exciting so you get many people coming here.
In the summer it’s a special feeling climbing an almost slick rock near the waterfall.
The beautiful valley is partly ended by a dam.
Partly because that’s where the road ends but it’s where the beautiful mountain paths begin that take you along the many lakes and creeks.
During winter there’s also tours skiing available apart from ice climbing.
Skiing down with a view of the lake is a special experience especially if you take on the highest peak of Hochalmspitze 3360 m.
The Kölnbrein dam This is the largest dam in Austriy and among the largest in Europe.
It’s 200 meters tall 626 meters long and 41 meters wide.
Behind it is the lake with the same name.
The lake is captured by the grand stage of High Tur glaciers and contains 15 million cubic meters of water proving to be among the biggest engineering achievements of central Europe.
The mighty complex produces around 618400 MWh of electricity annually and was created in 1979.
It also holds precious water reserves for the dry summer months.
Due to high efficiency and accessibility it can produce enough electricity to cover Austria’s needs and beyond.
It’s the main reason that the tourism in the valley has developed to such an extend.
Next to the dam there’s a hotel with a restaurant in the form of a falling cylinder.
This is the base for many paths in the mountains.
Due to height German rowing team trains there annually mostly when preparing for world competitions and Olympic games.
And the dam even features bungee jumping.
The valley gets more and more visits and the offers are ever richer.
Home inns and typical taverns mountain cabins and basically everything to make a visitor welcome.
All you hostel lovers there’s also a near by tourist hostel at Bad Gasteinu.
The steep road with many unlighted tunnels with some equipped with traffic lights and too many waterfalls follows the river Malta down below.
And from almost all over the place you can see many restaurants and the huge dam with the background of might Alps.
All of it just invites you to visit the valley.
Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Mateja Mazgan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
