× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Koralps - Austria Koralps - Austria So close yet almost unknown The skiing region of Koralps is the only place in south eastern Alps that has the elevation of over 2000m.
Koralps are a beloved skiing resort both for downhill skiers and boarders as for cross country and tour skiers.
Many people visit them in the summer as well for the unspoiled nature where they either cycle of hike.
One of the main reasons for a visit is the great view from the top which covers a huge part of Austria with many Slovenian mountains as well.
The tourist infrastructure is well developed with restaurants guesthouses and lodgings of different categories.
Visitors in Klagenfurt Celovec can enjoy the Alps as a day trip.
They can stay at the hostel Klagenfurt in the regional centre and biggest town.
The Koralps are in Southern Austria and divide two regions.
They are mostly made of metamorphic rocks some of which are of great interest to geological research.
There are also some places where they dig for half-precious stones.
In the past they used to dig for raw materials to produce glass and porcelain as well as there is a lot of flint stone and clay o hand.
Most of the waters are collected behind a dam which is used to produce hydroelectricity.
An alpine and tour skier’s paradise You’ll find here around 28 kilometres of ski slopes from which 13km range in the mid difficult and 12km in the easy category.
There are also 60 kilometres of cross country tracks and a sledding range.
This means every visitor can something to do.
There is almost no waiting in lines as there are many cable carts with the joint capacity of 10.000 an hour.
Many tour skiers also come as the top is the best place to start a wild descend in any direction.
Generally it is not wanted for them to mix with other skiers as they represent an obstacle on the arranged slopes if they walk up them.
But as the alpine range is big enough there’s enough place for everybody to enjoy their winter activities.
Unspoiled nature is their great advantage The tourist operators who work in this alpine region are proud and like to point out they have the unspoiled nature.
They also make sure they keep good care of it and make sure it’s sustainable.
True there is an asphalt road leading all the way to the top but you can only reach it by bicycle or on foot.
The road is there only for the radar stations which is at the very top.
And it’s these huge round radar dishes that are one of the reasons why people come to visit the Koralps.
They are visible from a long way away from many valleys and other peaks.
The trails are very well marked and a lucky hiker will be able to see and maybe invent take a photo of a mountain goat or a groundhog on the way to the top as they live there in abundance.
The most popular peak for the hikers is undoubtable the tallest one of them all.
It’s the so called Speikkogel with 2140 elevation above the sea level.
The steep slopes are during spring and summer months covered with soft grass and those planes are the home to many mountain flowers.
On the way you will often be able to stop at a mountain cabin where they offer food and drink but also bed for the night.
They also have other offers which feature a range of activities from Nordic walk courses skiing boarding wellness and many more.
Koralps are really close to Slovenia but for most of us quite unknown.
Since they are very well developed for tourists with nice skiing slopes and great view from the top but also with much more to offer than just that they are a great destination to try and visit.
Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Mateja Mazgan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
