× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Bad Kleinkirchheim - Austria Bad Kleinkirchheim - Austria One of more beloved ski resorts in Austria among Slovenians is the resort Bad Kleinkirchhem.
Naturally they dont only offer skiing they offer much more than that! Every winter we go for a winter trip a snow break and this time we’ve decided on a closer location – for a change.
Usually the far off places seemed more interesting but I’ve asked myself wasn’t the only reason to choose them just the distance? There are several extremely good skiing destinations much closer to home as well.
Skiing or spoiling oneself in the spa? It’s a great feeling to come from the white slopes into the thermal spa.
An ideal offer both for winter sport enthusiasts and those who just want to laze off in the hot water.
Bad Kleinkirchheim offers a varied palette of thermal pools in two spas – the old one and the new one.
There is a quality and price difference between the two.
Despite a slightly higher price it is worth to visit the modern spa which even features three floors of saunas.
And the surrounding mountains offer many skiing sledding and tour skiing opportunities along with other snow fun… including – if the weather conditions allow – ice climbing.
Naturally cross country skiing has a special set of great tracks as well.
The guest is always first Austrians have an extremely well developed tourist sector and among most popular destinations is the Austrian Carinthia.
So Bad Kleinkirchheim fits right in with tourist attractions especially since the beginning of its tourism date back to the Roman Empire.
The definite advantage is that there are geothermal springs and beautiful nature all around.
And the tourist offer is made even richer by various sporting events and competitions.
With their whole family offer they really can take care of everybody.
Apart from wither sport tourism they also have a great offer of heritage historical and natural a great culinary offer and naturally many interesting events and organized activities as it is expected of a high class tourist destination.
There are many tourist guides to make sure you’ll get a great experience while staying there.
The offer however is not only limited to winter months as the surrounding nature welcomes visitors during all four seasons.
And despite it being so close it was my first visit to a place just a two hour’s bus drive from the Styrian capital to the famous tourist destination.
So from the slopes to the spas you can also stop by at authentic farm houses among which many are dedicated to tourism as well.
The prices are a bit higher than back home but the quality of offer is well worth the price.
And if you prefer backpacking and a hosteling experience I’d suggest you book the Hostel Villach in Villach just a short distance from Bad Kleinkirchheim.
Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Mateja Mazgan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
