× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Lake break near Salzburg Lake break near Salzburg Ive decided to conclude my visit to Salzburg in a more tranquil surroundings.
The nearby lakes are perfect for it just that especially during the week days.
East of Salzburg the Mondsee the Moon Lake invites you for a visit.
The shape resembles the young moon thus the name.
The lake is especially inviting during the warm months when the water really heats up.
The frequent winds also allow for kiting and sailing or you can just lazily take a ride with a boat around the 10km long lake.
It is not difficult to find a place to sleep along the lake as the offer is very varied.
I’ve decided for a budget friendly accommodation at Jugendgästehaus Mondsee which is a hostel the HI network is rightfully proud of.
I found the hostel right away for the town is really not big.
There were no problems with parking either.
The square building is in a peaceful part of town just a short walk away from the city centre.
The lake is near too and from the second floor I could even admire the view of it over the surrounding roof tops.
Before the start of the season I was treated with all the luxury – I was all alone in a room for four.
There were two bunk beds in the room which had its own bathroom.
Otherwise the hostel features 21 rooms that can accommodate 80 people all together and each room has its bathroom.
Three rooms are specially equipped to suit the people in wheel chair as well as the access to the entre and the restaurant.
All of this is the result of the refurbishment three years ago.
The hostel has no age limitations and you get a key to the front entrance allowing you to go out at night and return to your room regardless the time – but quietly during the night.
The prices for a night start at 195€ and you can decide between a half and full board.
The self-serving breakfast was ready for me in a huge dining room with walls decorated by citrus motives.
The entrance and the reception on the other hand are in typical red colours – as are parts of the furniture and photographs.
And not to forget another speciality I was greeted by the dog guests upon my arrival.
The manager Gabi Hackl explained she has a dog and would feel really weird not to allow guests to bring their companions with them.
»But naturally we don’t allow dogs in beds or the restaurant!« she remarked seriously when heading off for a morning walk with her four-legged friend.
The hostel also organizes many activities and trips so the few days spent there pass really quickly.
A film location The centre of the town features a smaller square next to the former monastery which is now a hotel.
Along with colourful houses there’s also the church of St.
Michael.
Many people visit the Mondsee just to see the church as it was the setting to the wedding of the extremely popular Julie Andrews film The sound of Music.
I guess most of current hostel visitors never saw the movie… I’ve met a group of Japanese tourists in front of the church enquiring where to get the traditional pastry – the Apple Strudel.
I’ve sent them to the nearby pastry shop and I hope they were not disappointed.
Apart from a dozen of shops and restaurants you can also see the open air museum with wooden houses typical for this part of Austria.
The town also features a railroad museum dedicated to the track which use to connect the town with Salzburg.
Mondsee is even on the UNESCO heritage list with the prehistoric Pile dwelling which however is today under the water.
The resort town does hold some manifestation but apart from that the place to be is the Big Bamboo bar which has been providing musical events for visitors for the past 25 years now and is known way beyond the lake area.
The Bar is close to the shore and the promenade park Almeida.
Mondsee is very attractive in winter also.
It’s less than half an hour away from Salzburg and close to the neighbouring ski slopes.
Not to mention other large lakes nearby which of each offers something special.
Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Igor Fabjan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
