× Close About Us About Hostelling International Slovenia History of Hostelling International Hostelling International Today Foreign Hostelling Organisations Organization support What is a hostel? Slovenian Hostels All Slovene Youth Hostels Hostels for individual travelers Hostels for families Hostels for groups Special Offer Members Member’s benefits How to get a membership card? Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Order digital membership card for International Travellers Benefits in Slovenia International discounts Voluntary program About Voluntary program Voluntary work at HI Slovenia HI Connect program Volunteering abroad Everything about travel Travel with us Travelogues Cities around the world World Hostels Travel Insurance Travel tips Inspiring content Sustainable tourism Magazine Globetrotter Web magazine Journalists Become a journalist Prize competitions Projects All about our projects Opened projects Closed projects Contact us ‹ › × Hostels Members E-magazine SLO ENG Search Menu × Log in E-mail Password Remember me Not registered yet? Register here.
Forgotten password? Everything about travel Travelogues Austria Alpine lake with a touch of Mediterranean Alpine lake with a touch of Mediterranean Lake Boden is among the biggest lakes in Central Europe and is a border between Germany Switzerland and Austria.
It covers the area of around 500 km2 so it is not surprising it reminds us of the sea when we first see it.
Especially with the boats fares and sailboats constantly moving about the surface with many lovers of windsurfing and kiting enjoying the constant wind.
The comfort of a hostel I’ve started exploring the lake – or better said attractive places around its shore – on the Austrian side.
First I spent a night in a quiet resort in Hard.
At the river bank you’ll find a HI hostel.
It is in a modern building next to the sport center thus it often hostess various sport teams.
Most rooms are comfortable have their own bathroom and even a TV – and a direct access to the attractive terrace.
There are up to 6 beds per room which are roomy and equipped for handicapped as well.
In the summer you should book ahead for the hostel is well visited and has the lowest prices around especially if compared to the similar hostels in Switzerland.
Hostel is a great base to start exploring the lake and its surroundings.
It’s only a short walk away from the shore of the lake the marina restaurants… It’s also a great starting point for visiting the cycling routes.
You can go along the naturally preserved shore over the river of Ren to the nudist beach and only five kilometres further there is Bregenz one of the largest cites on the shore of the lake.
The James Bond trail Bregenz is proud of its attractive city center wedged between the rail station and the harbour.
There also a promenade in the shade connecting the two a point where young and old gather for decades.
This is also the stage of the Opera on water! One of the world’s largest stages on the water attracts tens of thousands visitors annually who come to the Bregenz festival Festspiele every July and August.
The spectacular setting impressed the movie makers so much they placed the 2008 James Bond Quantum of Solace in the opera.
The scene and production runs for two years and 2012 is the second year for Umberto Giordano’s Andre Chenier.
By water or air ship Exploring the Boden Lake by water is far most comfortable.
For a few day travel you should buy the BodenseeErlebniskarte which allows free lake transports and entrance to some of the many museums – as well as other tourist discounts.
The first interesting city is just a half an hour sail away – the German Lindau with the old centre on an island.
Next stop is one of the bigger cites Friedrichshafen which is also a railroad crossroad and even has an airport.
The city is famous for the museum of Zeppelins which connected Europe and North America before WWII.
These airships were constructed by Ferdinand von Zeppelin who was born at the lake capital of Konstanca.
If you’re interested you should try the special surprise the city offers – flights over the lake in reconstructions of several original designs! The prices are not too budget friendly but it is a special feeling you should try.
I felt like floating through clouds while being in an enclosed gondola navigating through a picturesque landscape.
But coming down to the shore you really should visit Meersburg with its mansion and Konstanca with its harbour.
Konstanca is also an Univerity city so it’s always full of youngsters.
There are many festivities in the city during the summer.
The flower lovers should also visit the nearby island of Mainau with its beautiful gardens and arboretum.
Visit the grand duke Hard is also a great place from which to visit Liechenstein – only 50km away.
This miniature state does not look much different than the surrounding Austrian or Swiss places around it.
Still Vaduz is one of the smallest capitals in the World.
It has a very attractive promenade in the old town centre with many shops and restaurants.
The modern parliament and the old town hall will also catch your attention.
You can also visit the tourist office and get a stamp in your passport the border doesn’t give them for years anymore.
But get this – you’ll have to pay to get the stamp in your passport.
They prefer the Swiss franks which are here the official currency but also accept Euro.
The prices are similar as in Switzerland - expensive! There are several museums in the town postal national skiing… there’s a few castles and some attractive mountain villages.
There are many cycling and mountain paths for recreation climbing as high as 2000m.
And before I forget here like along the lake itself there are several vineyards with some quite good wines.
Igor Fabjan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia www.if-poti.blogspot.com Related articles Show More Subscribe Journalist Igor Fabjan Volunteer of Hostelling International Slovenia Get your travel insurance Say HI to the world PZS-Popotniško združenje Slovenije Gosposvetska cesta 86 2000 Maribor Slovenija +386 2 234 21 37 Info Order digital membership card for Slovenian residents Slovenian Hostels World Hostels Contact us Links Hostelling International I Feel Slovenia Follow us Subscribe to e-news and web magazine Globetrotter.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Youth Hostel | Our Privacy Policy | Cookies | RPC.
