menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet » Blogs » Rice Rice Baby To Go Rice Rice Baby To Go « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet March 5th 2008 Published March 8th 2008Edit Blog Post CaraTrev Narrow road detour Yesterday after trying to find a bus out of Ayutthaya to the border and having no luck we decided to head back to Bangkok via train the next day to catch a train to the border.
So we paid our fifty cents US and got to Bangkok within about an hour and a half then grabbed some lunch at good ole KFC our last taste of fast food for a while and hopped on a 5 1/2 hour train for only $2! The train ride was hot dusty and smoky due to the burning trash and fields.
We looked like coal miners by the end of it thanks to all the ashes and smoke hopefully we dont end up with black lung.
Luckily we got on early in Bangkok and were able to have seats for the whole ride many people ended up standing for a lot of the trip.
Most of the scenery along the way was rice patties either growing being burned or tilled and ready for planting.
The other meaning to our blog title is all the sticky rice being sold on the train all day by vendors walking up and down the cars shouting what they Kids directing traffic As we came up to this one lane bridge we saw two very young children directing traffic.
It was a totally blind spot so luckily they were good at their jobs! are selling over and over.
Get your sticky rice only 10 baht sticky rice! that is what we think they were saying but we have no idea We arrived in Aranyaprathet which is on the border with Poipet Cambodia and found another backpacker with the same plans as us.
We joined forces and found a very cheap hotel $5 that even gave us cold water upon arrival! The next moring we got up at the break of dawn to start across the border to Cambodia.
We grabbed some street doughnuts and jumped in the local bus.
When we arrived at the border it was complete choas people going every which way.
Being white everyone was looking at us so people we directing us in no time and also asking how were going to get to the next city.
We saw some other westerners so we stuck with them so we could share a taxi to the next town.
After a long time of bargining we decided to get the taxi for $45.
The book said taxi is the best way to get to Siem Reap and i see why the road really does suck as bad as the Transporting chickens! We saw all sorts of things being transported via motorbike including chickens as you see here and another one with a very large 200+ lbs pig strapped belly up kicking and screaming the whole way! books says.
That is 3 and a half hours of various stages of construction most bad or really bad.
Alll the bridges were being worked on at the same time so some had either a one lane bridge or a dirt road around it.
At one point we were routed through a monastary with very narrow roads and very crude wood bridges so crude the buses wouldnt even attempt it thats saying a lot because the bus drivers in Asia are fearless.
Surprisingly we got to Siem Reap in one peice without incident though we saw many other cars with flats or other problems along the way.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 5 Displayed 5 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Cara & Trevor CaraTrev Well our 3 month 10 day Asia trek ended April 29 2008 a month short because of political issues but otherwise a great experience.
We traveled from Singapore up through Malaysia Thailand Cambodia Laos and China.
Unfortunately we didnt get to go to Nepal because of political tension in Kathmandu.
We couldnt go to Tibet because of the riots to free Tibet from China.
And we chose not to go to India because of the heat border tension with Nepal and because everyone we talked to said it was really hard to get around.
The winner of the overall best country for sights ease of travel food an...
full info Joined December 18th 2007 Trips 1 Last Login September 3rd 2015 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 42 Guestbook 21 Photos 210 Forum Posts 2 blog=253041 blogger=54936 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=253041 blogger=54936 Advertisement Hazards along the roadway Our driver was great at swerving around the many different vehicles cows and other road hazards.
Want some Pepsi? No thats actually Gasoline for sale! Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet » Blogs » Rice Rice Baby To Go Tot 3.075s Tpl 0.017s cc 11 qc 49 dbt 0.0336s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Cara & Trevor CaraTrev - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 327 ttl 3600 left 3273 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
