menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bega Valley » Blogs » What sort of cheapskate uses blog for xm What sort of cheapskate uses blog for xmas card?...TWICE!! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bega Valley December 22nd 2009 Published December 22nd 2009Edit Blog Post unpaidbill tank bathroom van I sort of wake and roll over.
The first pinky tinge is gathering strength on the hill horizon.
Not long after I moved in to the caravan I was well over the narrow bunkish bed and built a frame got a bed base from the Salvos and a Q-size mattress.
It all fitted in with about a poofteenth to spare believe me this bed will not be getting out and now I have built some cupboards and it is totally locked down.
And the bed is right at window level.
So it means the bed is actually an infinity bed or a horizon bed you know? You look out to the edge and its just the wide open valley and the pink dawned hills to the east.
3 metres from the window my family of Eastern Grey kangaroos is feeding.
Big Daddy best part of 2m tall and tough Mum is a bit smaller and their joey only young.
They all take a few bites of grass and then stand up straight.
Heads and ears rotating like those missile-aiming radars you see in the movies.
As the light grows they move off silently down into the treeline.
Maybe 1mm rain = 36 litres water a photo next time.
The other night I had an attack of wombats.
As friends were leaving late dusk a huge old wombat attacked us.
Grunting and snorting he made little advance charges at us.
Eventually he turned and ran I’d never seen a wombat move so quickly.
Around here they have pest status because of their destructive behaviour digging out big holes that undermine creek banks and create traps for cattle.
Each dusk they appear from nowhere and move down the slope.
One crawled out from under the van one night nearly scared me to death.
Then when I tried to help him on his way he turned on me spitting and snarling.
So I helped him on his way with a shovel to the snout and he waddled off.
Anyway the sun takes a while to actually break the seal but once it does it’s off like a beer drinker to the lemon tree……by 8am it’s in the thirties.
The birds have been warming up and now they take over.
More than I can identify yet but I am building a bird feeder and bath then they’ll be close enough to ID.
I hope! car park Down in the gully the wildlife is always active.
I usually disturb a wallaby or 2 at the waterholes and now I have seen one of the lyrebirds in the flesh.
I had heard an extraordinary bird noise on several occasions and suspected a lyrebird but I had never actually seen him.
Here he was making such a bizarre series of noises like a pump starting mechanical clanking splashing of water just mind boggling.
I’ve had a couple of pretty testing storms so I’m now confident of the roof staying on.
Well it will stay connected to the deck and the van.
Last Wednesday it started out hot and by noon the Northerly started blowing.
It was like a blowtorch across the block.
44 degrees and the trees were being thrashed by 100 kph winds.
The roof was straining the whole caravan was rocking.
Then it calmed down about 5pm finally some peace.
Then it turned as the southerly started up and blew back at me almost as strong.
The temp dropped to 24 in an hour and the smell of smoke from bushfires down south was strong in the air.
I woke about midnight to the sound sunrise over the horizon bed of gentle rain couldn’t believe it.
5 or 6mm and for the first time I could hear water running into the big tank.
Probably the best part of 200 litres!! I don’t think I’ll ever understand cow behaviour.
Over the road from the Angledale house a mob of cows is in the paddock.
Most of them have calved in the past few months so there are a couple of dozen calves ranging in age from a few days to a few months even some twins.
They romp around like kids at kindergarten while the cows loll about chewing their cuds lying together under the shade of the big pine trees casually keeping their eyes on the kids…just like the Mums at the swimming pool in summer.
Yesterday the calves went racing down to the bottom of the paddock and started mucking about mock head-butting pawing the earth chasing to establish a pecking order…meanwhile the cows slowly followed down to watch them.
At the weekend we had more rain.
I’d gone up to the block to sow some more seed and by the time I got back to the house it was raining steadily.
The cows were inside not exactly e space Doctor kitchen and bed end labouring back up the hill.
I don’t know why as there was no more shelter there than down the bottom.
They were mooing mournfully and the calves were for once quite obediently following their mums closely.
Yesterday I noticed one of our house bulls was missing called out on the job no doubt his buddy was a bit disconsolate and has been proto-mooing a low burble quite out of keeping with his huge potent bulk.
He can smell the fecund cows in the paddock opposite and strains against the fence in lust.
The bull that’s in with the cows charges up to his fence and starts pawing the ground like a real bull fighting bull…it’s on.
Well where did that come from?…actually a few weeks ago.
So I haven’t written much at all much to the delight of some of you! The house plans are slowly getting done probably start something in Feb/March when the worst of the heat and fire danger has passed.
The caravan is decked and roofed the composting dunny seems to be functioning the 12v solar shower is good until 6 when the heat starts to go out of the waterbag the electronica plants around the batter slopes are holding on the beer is brewing the power is on the TV and internet work and it is soo peaceful and relaxing.
I’m over all the xmas bullshit but it is a fantastic opportunity to catch up with family and friends so I won’t say No !! So I do hope you all have a lovely time over this festive period and I look forward to your visit!! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 10 Displayed 10 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 5 Message Bill Shum unpaidbill Bill Shum Unpaidbill.....Motorcycle riding in North Central and South America.
70000 kms from LA - South to Ushaia Tierra del Fuego Argentina The End of the World then back to LA then up North to Deadhorse Prudhoe Bay Alaska The Top of the World.
18 countries 35 border crossings 15 months.
Next 53 weeks on a 47 catamaran from Grenada in the Carib via Venezuela Colombia San Blas Colon a short side trip to my favourite country Cuba back to Panama back onboard off across the big blue Pacific Galapagos Marquesas Tuomotus Societys Cooks Tonga and Fiji where I bail....
full info Joined June 11th 2005 Trips 4 Last Login November 21st 2019 Followers 5 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 139 Guestbook 32 Photos 1696 Forum Posts 27 blog=461923 blogger=4167 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=461923 blogger=4167 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history Trips LA to Ushaia July 6th 2005 -» January 9th 2006 Ushaia to Alaska to Oz January 14th 2006 -» September 22nd 2006 Yachting - Grenada to Fiji August 16th 2007 -» June 16th 2008 NYC - Cuba - Colombia - Kentucky August 21st 2008 -» December 2nd 2008 other end tank garden view from the deck Tawny Frogmouth actually a Tawny Frogmouth supposedly sleeping but taking a little peek Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bega Valley » Blogs » What sort of cheapskate uses blog for xm Tot 3.029s Tpl 0.083s cc 21 qc 100 dbt 0.1313s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.6mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Bill Shum unpaidbill - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2882 ttl 3600 left 718 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
