menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Nagoya » Blogs » Tagata Fertility Festival Tagata Fertility Festival « Previous Entry Next Entry » Japan Explorations Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aichi » Nagoya March 15th 2015 Published March 18th 2015Edit Blog Post LAWilkes Travels fertilityfestival 001 This past weekend we decided to take a trip with Camp Zamas outdoor recreation.
Every month this department organizes trips throughout the month where you can sign up for a fee and most are just a bus ride away.
This trip was to the Fertility Festival in Komaki City which the description read that you had to be 18 and over and was one that you wouldnt forget.
Not knowing what we were getting into that one sounded like a must do! After signing up though everyone kept saying Oh youre going to the penis festival and yes that it was! Just a brief description of the festival from their festival map Hounen-Matsuri the Bumper Harvest festival is well known as a unique festival.
Villagers carry on their shoulders a Mikoshi portable shrine which bears an Ohowasegata phallus-shaped wooden sculpture.
60cm across 2m 13feet long and 620 pounds made of Hinoki Japanese cypress.
They offer this huge phallus to Tagata Jinja praying for world peace the growth of all things and good harvest.
We had to catch the Camp Zama tour bus at 5am Sunday and it took about 4 hours to get to the festival.
Along the way fertilityfestival 033 we stopped at a rest stop that had vending machines that you can buy whatever you needed.
I got my coffee and got to watch on a TV screen the process of my coffee being brewed how awesome! We got to the festival and just like a festival in the US you had all kinds of food souvenir and game vendors.
The food though was so much more awesome though with octopus and cabbage balls squid on a stick octopus on a stick chicken gizzards on a stick etc etc.
Even more interesting where all the goodies shaped as penises like candy chocolate covered bananas etc.
The first offering of the parade to the Tagata Shrine was of the rice-cake.
This was the first experience of the day that everyone at the parade gets free drinks of sake as many of you want by the people walking in the parade! Cant tell you how many cups of sake we had on this day and I actually like it because normally I dont care for sake.
Rice cakes in Japan are not like the hard rice crispy looking treats that are in the US.
They are like a dough that fertilityfestival 004 alot of times come filled with things like beef cabbage pork seafood etc so they are soft.
This is a good thing since at the end of the festival they throw these rice cakes into a mosh pit crowd so that people catch them and is suppose to make women have babies.
We made sure to stay away from that! LOL The offering of the portable phallus started around 2pm where there were thousands of people waiting to see this huge 620 pounds wooden shrine.
The shrine was carried by several men and goodness did that phallus look heavy and huge! Along the way they still handed out more and more sake with jerky squid so good but what an awful after taste.
So after we seen the large phallus this is where I lost my phone down the porta-jon.
Yes this crap really does happen to me! For anyone that will come to visit Japan remember to start doing squats now and to never leave your phone in your back pocket.
In Japan they still have toilets that are in the ground so you have to squat like you are going in the woods and western toilets fertilityfestival 038 are not always available.
Have a new phone now so all is good but wasnt fun to watch my phone being sucked into the ground LOL This was a very long day and the bus picked us up at about 5pm and we headed back to Camp Zama.
On the way we stopped for dinner at another rest stop and ordered our ramen dishes through a vending machines where the guys behind the counter cooked up our orders.
Who wouldve ever thought you could get such good food through a vending machine! We reached home about 10pm and realized that as fun as that was we will not be doing these long trips on a Sunday when both of us have to get up at 5am the next day.
This next weekend we should be headed out to Yokohama to the Ramen museum so until next week! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 19 Displayed 19 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Liz and Anthony Wilkes LAWilkes Travels We are an army family that moved to Japan and want to enjoy every moment of it.
We want to share all our adventures with family and friends.
After sometime of exploring Japan we will explore the rest of Asia.
Our dream someday is to of course travel the world!...
full info Joined March 1st 2015 Trips 1 Last Login September 27th 2015 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 7 Guestbook 1 Photos 174 Forum Posts 0 blog=876964 blogger=311547 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=876964 blogger=311547 Advertisement Trips Japan Explorations February 5th 2015 -» ongoing fertilityfestival 026 fertilityfestival 009 fertilityfestival 003 fertilityfestival 005 fertilityfestival 006 fertilityfestival 007 fertilityfestival 013 fertilityfestival 016 fertilityfestival 017 fertilityfestival 018 fertilityfestival 020 fertilityfestival 022 fertilityfestival 031 fertilityfestival 034 fertilityfestival 035 18th March 2015 Nancy Kwon non-member comment All sorts of awesome! You guys are living the dream! I love the detailed descriptions and your zest for trying anything at least once.
Cant wait to visit you! Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Nagoya » Blogs » Tagata Fertility Festival Tot 0.169s Tpl 0.05s cc 8 qc 55 dbt 0.0262s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Liz and Anthony Wilkes LAWilkes Travels - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
