menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet » Blogs » Bumpy roads and dust tracks Bumpy roads and dust tracks « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet October 29th 2007 Published October 30th 2007Edit Blog Post verydarkhorse After too much sleep on saturday night we could not get a wink of sleep on sunday.
Very unfortunate as we had to leave our hostel aty 5am to get the first train out of bangkok to the border town of Aranyaprathet.
It was an exciting start to the day and we were shocked how the city really doesnt sleep.
Teams of people were flooding off the sleeper train to start work in the capital.
Anyway we found our 3rd class train at a cost of 80p each and we settled in for our 6 hr journey.
It was a good move getting the train not only for the price but the amasing views and the close proximity to ordinary Thai folk.
We breakfasted on the train from the fresh food sellers walking up and down the carridges - beats uk fast food any day.
At our destination we embarked on the unknown path to the border.
Doged by touts we managed to survive their scams up unto the boarder control itself but not with out a lot of harrasement! A helpful gentleman showed us where to go at each point in the crossing process.
Hoho but we were fooled.
Some other hippy travellers were negotiating the same route and we followed along ignorantly.
Eventually wee reached the Cambodian town of Poipet.
A sight for sore eyes certainly.
Men missing legs and small malnurshied children were plentiful.
At this point we were having second thought about our 2nd country of choice.
Well teh debarcle continued when this helpful man took us all to a bank well his brothers shop.
Eventually we managed to extract ourseleves from this dodgy situation by getting a taxis all the way to Siem Reap - our destination town.
We were meant to share this with some hippes to save on cost but what a surprise they let us down when they found others to share their dope stories with.
We did not know what was ahead of us.
Our driver could speak little english and the surrounding town was noteably damaged by artilary attack - not plesant viewing.
We continued and endured the worst road in Asia - 3.5 hrs of huge holes and untarmached roads.
Helpfully i needed a wee four minutes into our journey and had to hold it to the point of burstiong and that is not an exageration.
We asked to stop but of course we had to go tp his friends house another 1hrs drive - then we were charged 5 baht for the privaledge of going down a hole! Eventually we arrived in the town but the story did not end there.
Suddenly we were dumped at a taxis rank and told a story that no taxis were allowed in the town - more lies we scence.
At this point our paitence is running out and we insists to be taken straight to our hotel of choice and not their uncles house! Stupidly I realise I left my camera in the taxis and we have to stop.
Luckily our driver rings the taxis man and my camera was safely returned.
At that point did we realise that Siem Reap might not be as bad as Bangkok or Poipet.
We get taken to our hotel which is divine but the driver insists on returning tomorrow to give us a guided tour of the temples.
What defence did we have after them helping us out?? We agreed for then to come back the next day and we enjoyed the relative serene and tranquility of our new surroundings until the next day.
Bye for now S&R « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Sally Pritchard verydarkhorse Sally wally wing wong and Wyan are going on their travels.
Not for long but it will probably be long enough.
Log on to keep up to date with where we will be.
Happy reading...
full info blog=215566 blogger=51219 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet » Blogs » Bumpy roads and dust tracks Tot 2.969s Tpl 0.144s cc 7 qc 44 dbt 0.1498s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Sally Pritchard verydarkhorse - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2879 ttl 3600 left 721 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
