menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Albury » Blogs » The Big One The Big One « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Albury March 1st 2012 Published March 1st 2012Edit Blog Post FiRoberts Can we go on that one Mummy? We survived the 15 hour flight to Sydney and it wasnt that bad.
Its definately better travelling with kids in many ways because you dont get so bored on these long flights.
In fact its just like a normal day of feeding and trying to get them to sleep! The time seemed to go past quite quickly.
It was the first flight I have ever gone without any sleep.
Amelia and Samuel seemed to play tag team so that when one was asleep the other woke up.
Samuel hardly slept at all to be honest.
I dont want to go on about it too much but I cant get over how good the kids were.
They really rose to the occasion.
We didnt have one tantrum from Mimi.
A few moments of being over tired but nothing that a cuddle couldnt resolve.
She just did as she was told and loved the whole experience.
Samuel was his usual chilled self and just ate lots and took it all in.
Slept when he needed to sleep.
It was so much easier than with a 6m old Amelia...great not to be breastfeeding.
One word of advice for anyone traveling Etihad.
Looks uncomfortable but she slept like this for 4 hours.
The kids entertainment went down a treat but Winnie the Pooh should not be confused with I need a poo 30 secs before take off.
We had to get a flight attendant to open the toilet for us rush her in only to be asked daddy what are we doing in here? No poo poo today.
Im not convinced that medised worked for us.
It seemed to wake Samuel up even more and sleep for shorter time.
Etihad get the thumbs up from me for the food and service.
In fact Abu Dabi generally gets the thumbs up.
Good playground for the kids at the airport always a bonus.
When we got to Sydney we had quite a mission getting our baggage and out through biosecurity but only because an A380 had landed at the same time so there were shed loads of people all arriving together.
Our taxi driver from the airport more than made up for that.
He was so friendly.
Even gave us a DVD for Amelia and a discount! We did declare the fact that we had been on a farm in the past 30 days and thankfully they took it on Samuel only just fitted into the bassinet trust that I had scrubbed my shoes.
I dont think well mention it in New Zealand as well be rriving late and it will add a delay.
Naughty I know but I have taken a lot of care to clean everything.
We are staying in Watsons Bay which is lovely.
Good to catch up with Sarah the night before her big day.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 4 Displayed 4 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Fi Roberts FiRoberts I thought marrying a Kiwi was going to mean lots of exciting trips around the world...and it did kind of...but as I look ahead our impending adventure from Worcester to Wellington with two kids in tow I am wondering what on earth I got myself into!...
full info Joined February 20th 2012 Trips 0 Last Login April 4th 2017 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 12 Guestbook 0 Photos 48 Forum Posts 0 blog=692820 blogger=230688 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=692820 blogger=230688 Advertisement Hows about that? Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Albury » Blogs » The Big One Tot 1.23s Tpl 0.114s cc 16 qc 50 dbt 0.037s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Fi Roberts FiRoberts - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2882 ttl 3600 left 718 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
