menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » Australian Capital Territory » Blogs » Canberra Canberra « Previous Entry Next Entry » Great Ocean Road and East Coast Caravan Trip Advertisement Oceania » Australia » Australian Capital Territory May 25th 2019 Published May 27th 2019Edit Blog Post SilverLinings Pumpkin with black spots Playing tricks in a room painted with orange with black spots and a central cube of mirrors Canberra – 3 days of culture democracy history education orientation law and order currency nature and indulgence.
Orientation – Finding a location of significance was easy.
Many could either be seen or had signage directing you to them from almost anywhere in the city.
Good for tourism.
However if you needed groceries or fuel this was another matter.
Culture - The National Art Gallery – Not only was the Building housing the National Gallery of Australia awesome it was great to see some artistic icons such as Blue Poles and some more contemporary pieces such as Pumpkins and Black dots.
Democracy - Parliament House – The last time we visited Canberra New Parliament House was still under construction.
A truly magnificent piece of architecture with so much thought and planning giving significance to almost every aspect of the building.
Orientation - Views and vistas colours artworks furniture size and shape of spaces and their uses courtyards and their landscaping you name it there was an explanation for why it was done this way.
While the public could wander around public areas we opted for a Behind the Scenes tour.
This was well worth it.
A small peep hole into the cube revealed more mirror tricks We saw and we learnt even though we still couldn’t enter the Houses as they were not in session we could peek through the doors which is more than we could have otherwise done.
Law and Order - The High Court of Australia – Again an impressive piece of Architecture.
The same era as The National Gallery – so essentially sculptured concrete perhaps not to everyone’s taste.
No courts were in session but tour guides at each of the courts were happy to have a chat and show us around.
As a result we both have a much better understanding of the purpose of this court and how it works.
Currency - The Royal Mint - Money money money.
The history of the Australian monetary system proved much more complex than we realised.
Lots of examples of rare coins fakes and flawed coins.
The original Mr Squiggle and friends was a current feature.
Little kids were fascinated but the reaction of many adults who grew up watching Mr Squiggle was possibly more interesting.
Unfortunately it was Saturday so there was little more to see than the static displays.
History - The National War Memorial Greg and Blue Poles – So much to see and learn here.
We visited twice and still didn’t see everything.
It’s one of those places that can be a little confronting.
It is enormous with so many exhibits from artefacts dioramas films displays models interactives and static displays.
There were things to capture the attention of every age group.
Like Parliament House this was a popular venue for school groups.
Looking at those in attendance we were also intrigued by the diversity of the people their cultural background ages and high level of engagement.
There is certainly a lot more for us to see here in the future.
Nature - Fauna in the caravan park.
Obviously people feed the birds and animal and this encourages them to come in close and personal.
This can be entertaining until they poop steal or become aggressive.
Large bright red parrots are common here and if they thought they would get a treat from you they would hang around until a better offer came along.
Similarly magpies in the Parliament House courtyard café seem to think serenading patrons is a good way to get a feed.
They are probably right most of the time.
Even a A garden of digeridoos possum was almost wooed by Greg as he wandered after dark.
Indulgence - We managed to score a waterfront table for lunch at the Yacht Club.
It was a beautiful weekend day so many families and groups were taking advantage of the perfect weather to dine in or picnic on the lawns at the Sailing Club.
Again beautiful seafood! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 25 Displayed 24 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Where_is_Friday_Lunch? SilverLinings One of our philosophies of life is that every cloud has a silver lining.
Sometimes you may need to look a little.
So when circumstances changed we decided to take the opportunity to try one of those things we had often dreamt of doing....
full info Joined September 13th 2012 Trips 8 Last Login June 18th 2019 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 147 Guestbook 150 Photos 1784 Forum Posts 2 blog=1034865 blogger=249441 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1034865 blogger=249441 Advertisement Trips The left half of Aus September 15th 2012 -» December 3rd 2012 A vist to central Queensland and mines September 27th 2013 -» November 2nd 2013 Flinders Ranges Renovation Escape August 19th 2014 -» August 29th 2014 A Japanese wedding trip November 13th 2014 -» December 7th 2014 Limestone Coast March 6th 2015 -» March 27th 2015 Destination Kelly country May 18th 2015 -» May 31st 2015 2015 trip to Dysart September 18th 2015 -» October 31st 2015 Great Ocean Road and East Coast Caravan Trip May 4th 2019 -» June 1st 2019 Parliament House – from the café courtyard looking towards Old Parliament House and the War Memorial Waiting patiently The Budget Tree Usually in fall autumnal glory in Budget Week but not this year because of the change in delivery date These chairs are everywhere.
Designed especially for Parliament House Different place … same chairs And look ...
same man too! The Grand Entry The flag doesn’t look that big but is in actual fact enormous.
It’s impossible to capture the whole building in one photo The indigenous water feature out the front At The Royal Mint Most decorative features were currency inspired.
Even the risers … are they real coins? Mr Squiggle.
Really! And Rocket and Blackboard Gus and Bill too! The High Court of Australia It was window cleaning day.
The High Court of Australia water feature From the National War Memorial looking towards Parliament House The War Memorial Plaza Looking the other way Another patient bird.
An avenue of autumn trees in Yarralumla We were out spotting embassies Another water front lunch spot We decided to ditch the kayak for a few days.
Height limit in many underground carparks would have been impossible if we had left it on Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » Australian Capital Territory » Blogs » Canberra Tot 3.101s Tpl 0.039s cc 6 qc 45 dbt 0.0318s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Where_is_Friday_Lunch? SilverLinings - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
