menu facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube search chevron-down chevron-up About About Kristin Press Contact Me Work With Me Blog Archives Best of the Blog Tours Solo Female Travel Home Go Shopping Destinations Travel Resources Itineraries Spiritual Travel SEARCH Be My Travel Muse Solo Female Travel Join the Virtual Retreat! 7 Days of Magic.
Click Here.
I Followed My Grandmother’s Journal Around Europe 09/24/2015 by Kristin 59 Comments She was free in her wildness.
She was a wanderess a drop of free water.
She belonged to no man and to no city? ― Roman Payne The Wanderess Ever since I came across this line from Roman Payne’s The Wanderess I’ve imagined he could have been talking about my grandmother.
I remember her showing me photos of her travels when I was a young girl.
It seemed like she had been everywhere from Japan to nearly the whole of Western Europe.
When I moved to Taiwan to study abroad at 21 she even whipped out a picture book full of shots from Taipei.
She did all of her traveling sans-husband singing in choirs across the world.
Her lovely voice carried her from place to place experience to experience.
Granny as we called her lived down the street from me for most of my life.
She took me to school and picked me up daily.
When I went through my spiritual revolution as a child asking her to bring me to church with her we started spending our weekends together too.
She was a daily fixture throughout most of my development as a young woman and her strong independent spirit made quite an impact.
As I moved into adulthood I sought her counsel often.
Granny when she was my age It was the October before she passed away when we had the last conversation we would ever have.
Sitting in the house she had lived in since I was a child we spent the last few hours together that we would ever spend one-on-one.
I couldn’t have known then that it would be our last conversation but I suspect she might have.
I was still unhappily working at my old job and she said to me You know I really think you need to write.? Roughly one year later I started writing regularly on this blog and everyone else’s under the sun who would let me contribute from guesthouses in Cambodia hammocks in Thailand and busses in Indonesia.
I had quit everything to pursue a dream partially because she had faith in me and she had a habit of being right.
When my mother made plans to visit me in Europe this summer I remembered the photos that Granny had kept documenting her travels.
I asked my mom if we still had those picture books and she found me something even better – a journal.
It turned out that Granny was a solo travel blogger before travel blogs even existed.
We laughed as we read her words speaking of all the experiences from what she ate to hilarious anecdotes about the people she encountered.
I felt for a moment like I was sitting next to her on the couch in her living room again.
We decided to follow her footsteps around Europe letting her journal be our guide.
Granny’s journal traveled back to Switzerland 30 years later Over the course of two weeks we traveled from Berlin down to Heidelberg Innsbruck in Austria through the Alps to South Tyrol in Italy a favorite of mine as well and finished in Zermatt Switzerland.
Though I’m party to random acts of kindness from time to time on my travels we encountered incredibly helpful people in just about every place we visited.
It was like we had a guardian angel along with us even though I don’t really believe in that stuff.
Mom and I in front of the Matterhorn I fully expected to find that tons of things had changed from the time she wrote in her journal roughly thirty years prior versus what we would encounter.
The funny thing is the foods we ate were more or less the same.
The Alps have been the Alps for millions of years and the people who live among them still speak the same language and go about their lives in more or less the same fashion as they did before.
We took the same modes of transport walked the same historical streets and laughed at the same quirky cultural differences that she did back then.
The biggest difference turned out to be how we respectively documented our journeys she with pen and paper and I with a computer and blog.
This video documents the adventure Granny’s journal led us on and in the blog posts to follow I’ll tell you all about each place that we visited and how you can maximize your journey there too.
Wouldn’t it be beautiful if Granny’s journey continued to live on not just through me but through others too? It’s the best memorial I can think of.
Thanks Granny for continuing to serve as my guide even from the great beyond.
Have you ever visited somewhere because a family member inspired you to? I’d love to hear your stories in the comments! Click to read more posts about Share Tweet Pin 1shares « The Day I Finally Became Enough Following Her Footsteps Recreating Granny’s Heidelberg » Hello There! Welcome to Be My Travel Muse a travel community geared towards the adventurous off the beaten path-loving traveler.
Im Kristin and my vision of a better world is one where more women are empowered and living out their dreams.
Solo traveling is the best method Ive found to become the best bravest version of me.
This site is all about how YOU can have the adventure of a lifetime in an easy fun approachable way so that you can feel empowered too.
Want to learn more about me? Click here! Get the Solo Female Travel Guidebook Popular Posts Upcoming Travel Plans TBD! I am currently in The USA! Check it out on Instagram Stories! You will also love Following Her Footsteps Recreating Granny’s Heidelberg Nobody Told Me Switzerland is So Beautiful Journey to a Hidden Valley in Italy What to Pack for Traveling in Europe in the Winter 15 Magical Reasons to Visit Germany in the Winter The Ultimate Berlin Guide What to Do See and Eat! Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published.
Comment Name Email Save my name email and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.
Learn how your comment data is processed.
Comments Ara says 09/24/2015 at 621 am Inspiring.
I envy people like you who love what they do >< Im all tied up with the bond to serve the government for giving me scholarship.
Initially thought that was a blessing turned out its a dream-killer *sigh* Anyway I hope you keep on writing.
Hopefully one day I can actually pursue my dreams Reply Kristin says 09/24/2015 at 743 am Oh dear ?? You can still do what you love in your free time and be great at it.
This comic beautifully illustrates someone who did just that http//zenpencils.com/comic/rhodes/ Keep dreaming <3 Reply Brenna says 09/24/2015 at 626 am My parents lived in a van in Europe for two years in the 70s.
It was a huge deal for them two broke kids from the prairies of Canada working and travelling and making their way across the continent and back.
It was part of the reason why I chose to travel around Europe in my early twenties too… albeit thirty years later.
Lovely article and lovely sentiment behind this Kristin.
Your granny sounds absolutely amazing.
x Reply Kristin says 09/24/2015 at 740 am That’s awesome! I realized a lot of people have a legacy like that or their family members are from here which draws so many of us back over.
The stories are always so fascinating in their own way.
Reply Susanne says 09/24/2015 at 822 am This is simply amazing.
Reply veena says 09/24/2015 at 1033 am I have been waiting for these posts since you first mentioned following your grandmother’s journal around Europe and this was even better than I imagined.
I straight up cried during that video and I can’t wait to read your next posts about your adventures! Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 544 pm So glad that you liked the post! Thank you so much for following along and sorry for the long wait.
Was tied up with the book but happy to be back into the blogging ? Reply Yasmine says 09/24/2015 at 1131 am Your Granny sounds like a total hero.
And there’s such a family resemblance in that photo.
Looking forward to reading more about your trip! Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 544 pm She was a total hero ? Thanks for thinking there’s a resemblance! I thought she was so pretty Reply Pauline says 09/24/2015 at 1255 pm I love this and it brought tears to my eyes as I watched the video.
What a beautiful tribute to the live of Granny! Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 545 pm I was hoping it would be emotional for others as well.
Thanks so much for the kind words Reply Ryan says 09/24/2015 at 800 pm this is so incredible Kristin.
I wish I had something like this from my parents or grandparents to hunt down but sadly they never went on any journey of this sort being I was the first to leave the US.
I’ve thought about tracking down my heritage knowing we came from Germany and Ireland but haven’t yet.
This is such an awesome way to give meaning to a journey and your granny served as such an incredible inspiration for you to travel and inspire others as well.
Knowing she’s with ya everywhere! Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 1255 am Then you’ll be the first one to leave a journal behind ? Reply Joann says 09/24/2015 at 802 pm Love this post Kristin! I remembered how my mom’s stories of different cities and towns had planted in me the immense desire to travel.
So I vowed to myself that I would make it as part of my life.
Keep writing Kristin and safe travels! ? Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 545 pm It’s so wonderful to have such inspiring family members isn’t it? Happy travels Joann! Reply Aisling says 09/25/2015 at 142 am Gorgeous post!! And your video made me cry! I followed that trip on snapchat but the overall video looks amazing.
I think its a fantastic way to honour your granny! Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 223 pm Aw thanks for following along and glad it was something that you found moving.
Reply Mike Nomadic Texan  says 09/25/2015 at 343 am Kristin My uncle was the traveler in our family.
He taught me about cooking fine wines and to appreciate other cultures.
So as a buyer for Six Flags amusement parks I was comfortable going to Asia two months of every year to purchase souvenirs.
That was in my early twenties.
Now in my sixties and retired I am free to travel as I please.
My wife and I transferred this passion to our three sons.
The oldest lives in Japan and has for four years.
The middle son spent time in Costa Rica this year and our youngest went to one of my favorites Ecuador this year.
In addition the two youngest sons and I helped build a home in Tijuana two years ago for a needy family.
That experience showed me their true character.
I loved every minute of it.
When my wife retires we plan on setting out on our own to see the world together but in the meantime we are using her vacation time wisely and will be in Europe for the Christmas Markets this year.
Your article and especially your video brought memories of my uncle flooding back through my mind.
All the times we talked about his love for Europe and my experiences in Asia.
I think your grandmother and him would have gotten along grand.
Who knows they may have shared a glass of wine in France Belgium or Italy.
Thank you kindly for sharing this post and helping me remember why I travel.
Mike Reply Kristin says 09/25/2015 at 246 pm Thanks for your lovely comment.
The job buying for six flags sounds pretty cool! Of course it makes sense that someone would have to go find those souvenirs and I never really thought about how awesome that would be.
If I didn’t do this I would want to do that! It was so cool having someone so well traveled to be your guide through life huh? Perhaps they were at the same place at the same time way back when.
It’s exciting to think about.
I wonder if coming generations will say the same of us though I don’t have kids.
My sister just had a baby so many I can be that aunt.
I hope so.
Reply Roshan says 09/26/2015 at 1024 pm What a great reason to take a trip.
Reply Helen says 09/27/2015 at 231 pm Aw I love this Kristin! Your granny sounds quite the woman! My nan inspires me too.
She was a wren in the navy and after the war she sailed over to New York to live for a while and I always feel like I get my adventurous genes from her! ? Lovely post! x Reply Kristin says 09/29/2015 at 606 am She sounds totally badass! I love hearing stories about strong women with wanderlust Reply Amanda | Chasing My Sunshine says 09/28/2015 at 556 pm Kristin this is such a beautiful story.
I thank you so much for sharing it with all of us.
I cannot wait to read all about your journey.
And your grandma was so beautiful! It’s kind of poignant how you mention that many things really stayed the same.
A lot of times we think of ourselves as not having similar experiences to our grandparents just because times have changed so much.
Maybe that’s not the case at all! My Grammy has always wanted to go to Ireland and I am trying my darnedest to get her over there.
But I like to think that I live inspired by her everyday.
She always encourages me to try new foods in the places I visit and would be very very disappointed if I didn’t! Reply Kristin says 09/29/2015 at 615 am I hope you guys get a chance to go to Ireland together! I would have really enjoyed traveling with Granny.
It’s really nice that my mother and I get a chance to travel together though ? Reply Katie says 09/29/2015 at 422 pm Wow you guys look so much alike! My father is still alive but it’s one of the things we share.
My father and I have a great relationship but we are very different people.
I’m passionate where he’s practical.
I’m creative where he more appreciates the grit for hard work.
We have pretty different outlooks on plenty of things but when it comes to travel that’s not the case.
Seeing new things and understanding a world different from our own is the most gratifying experience there is.
So while yes I’ve had many times where I’ve thought HOW could I be his natural born daughter our desire to see and experience the world will always be at the core of our relationship.
Reply Kristin says 09/30/2015 at 115 am That’s so wonderful that you guys have that special thing that you share especially since traveling can be so spiritual and impactful.
Plus I can imagine that the combination of your personality types makes for a good traveling relationship.
My mother and I are somewhat the same – I’m really spontaneous and she is more likely to plan things.
It’s kind of nice when we travel together and she does the planning! Reply Dan says 10/01/2015 at 1122 am Melts the heart.
What a great quote to reflect on your grandmother.
Thanks for sharing.
Reply Kristin says 10/12/2015 at 632 am Thank you I’m glad it resonated with you Reply Ashley says 10/04/2015 at 141 pm I love that you did this! I can imagine it must have been such a special and sentimental trip.
My mom’s experiences in Israel sounded so intriguing and they’re one of the reasons I’d love to explore the Middle East.
Reply Reine says 10/08/2015 at 1151 am A very heart-warming post! Thank you for sharing! Reply Kristin says 10/12/2015 at 602 am Glad you liked it ? Saw your recent post is about coming to Berlin.
I agree with your words about its intriguing kind of deliberate urban decay?.
It’s what draws me to this city too.
Reply Rika | Cubicle Throwdown says 10/13/2015 at 800 am This is just… wow.
What an amazing story!!! My grandparents lived all over the world and when I was little they used to send me postcards from each place.
I still have all the postcards maybe I should try to do my own re-creation.
The ones that stood out were Iraq Iran Sri Lanka Pakistan India and Japan… that would be an interesting trip! Reply Kristin says 10/13/2015 at 251 pm Wow such adventurous grandparents! I can only imagine what it must have been like for them to travel in those places.
Europe may not have changed much but I bet Sri Lanka for example sure has! Reply Mike says 10/13/2015 at 217 pm This is one of your best posts for sure.
I can feel the inspiration from your grandmother radiating through your words – and what better reason to travel? I’m sure this must have been among the most special of your travels.
Thanks for sharing something so personal.
Good luck on the road! Reply Kristin says 10/13/2015 at 248 pm Thanks so much Mike.
I really feel honored when others read my words and feel moved.
That’s what I hope to achieve and yes she is an inspiration to me still.
Reply Mary Hood says 10/16/2015 at 605 am Wow.
Just wow.
What a beautiful and inspiring story! I’m sure that your grandmother is smiling down at you right now seeing you walk her footsteps and travel the world.
What’s really weird and why I think I can really appreciate this is that I am doing something similar.
My parents got married in Zermatt Switzerland back in 1972 and backpacked across Europe for their honeymoon.
So my fiance and I have decided we want to do the same thing.
Much to the disappointment of all our friends and family we’ve decided not to have a wedding or to go the traditional route instead following our restless hearts and wandering spirits and doing something different but also something meaningful as we follow my parents.
Again lovely story! You are so lucky to have such an incredible piece of history at your fingertips! Reply Kristin says 10/16/2015 at 814 am Zermatt is one of the places she wrote about the most in her journal.
Love the connection ? Reply Amanda says 10/16/2015 at 825 pm Ahhhh that is SO sweet and SO cool.
What an amazing adventure – and even more amazing that you shared it with your mom.
Reply Alyssa says 10/17/2015 at 428 pm Kristin What an incredible experience.
You are so blessed to have been inspired by your beautiful granny.
I can’t imagine the emotions you must have felt as you retraced her footsteps and read her words.
And to share this experience with your mother! How wonderful.
You look exactly like your granny and from what I can tell you share the same adventurous soul.
I can’t wait to read more! Alyssa Reply Kristin says 10/18/2015 at 634 am Aw that’s such a lovely compliment Alyssa.
I thought she was so beautiful inside and out.
Reply Leanne says 10/19/2015 at 248 am What a beautiful post and a wonderful tribute to your Granny too xx Reply Savar Pandey says 10/23/2015 at 131 am This post of yours was truly emotional and I could feel the bond that you shared with your granny.
The beautiful description along with the video reminded me of my close family member.
This inspiring post shows how one can honour their loved ones.
Reply Kristin says 10/23/2015 at 612 am thanks so much Savar.
It was definitely emotional to write but I find these are the ones that connect us the most ? Reply Amy says 10/24/2015 at 643 am This brought a tear to my eye – what an incredible experience this must have been to read your Granny’s words and walk the same path as she did – and to share it with your mother! My Nonna emigrated from Italy to Australia her first big adventure – and was still travelling to all sorts of weird and wonderful places right up until the year before she passed away.
I don’t have anything like a journal but I do remember her stories and I look forward to visiting the places she once stood at also.
Wonderful post.
I loved this – thank you for sharing x Reply Kristin says 10/24/2015 at 1045 am It’s so nice standing there and wondering how it must have been when they were there.
They’d both love to know that they inspired so much I’m sure.
Thank you for reading! Reply Charlotte says 02/21/2016 at 308 am Granny was an absolute beauty just like you are.
This is such a lovely and unique adventure following in each others foot steps.
Reply Kristin says 02/26/2016 at 212 pm Thank you so much for the kind words <3 Reply Emma says 03/02/2016 at 754 am What a beautiful post.
I love the fact you followed your grandmother’s journal.
I have my own travel journal started 20 years ago I hope that one day my children will be inspired to visit some of the places I did.
I hope you continue to have many more wonderful journeys.
x Reply Kristin says 03/04/2016 at 629 am Thanks so much and I’m sure the legacy you document now will serve as inspiration for your children and grandchildren! It’s a beautiful thought.
Reply Hannah says 09/20/2016 at 150 pm Hi Kristin You have a really beautiful and inspiring story here.
I’m so happy for you that you are able to persue your dreams.
? And also I am really glad that you enjoyed Austria so much also skiing in the winter and you wrote so positively about it.
I am Austrian myself but I don’t live nowhere near the alps – I live in the very east of Austria – right next to Lake Neusiedl and close to the hungarian and slovakian border.
It’s completely different here – nature wise at least.
If you are ever interested to explore another side of Austria I would be glad to show you around! all the best from Austria Hannah Reply Kristin says 09/20/2016 at 157 pm Thank you Hannah! I would love to explore more of Austria.
It was beautiful and the food is so good! Reply Dominique LM says 11/17/2016 at 606 pm That video was emotional! Got teary eyed too.
I didn’t had the chance to be close to any of my Grandmas as they live islands away & one passed away early when I was 5.
I would like to be that Grandma someday.
it would be good if my grandkids would get excited reading my travel journeys someday ? Your Granny knows you well enough that you’ll be great in writing and your heart followed suit! ? Reply Kristin says 11/17/2016 at 710 pm Aw thanks for the touching comment ? I imagine that too one day that maybe if I do have children and they have children that they’d read my stories and find inspiration in them.
Reply Mara O says 07/18/2017 at 1128 am I’ve been to Innsbruck 3 new years eve back to back.
And I think this year we will do the same.
I’m from Romania and it is very easy to get there by car and we love it there.
Reply Suzy says 01/05/2018 at 323 am My grandparents went on a 6 month holiday from Australia to England and Europe via cruise ship in 1952.
My grandfather Albert kept daily diaries all his life and a journal when travelling.
Before my father died he gave me the box of diaries and typed up manuscripts photo albums and post cards etc.
that fortunately survived 60 years in various places to finally end up where they belonged.
With me.
They were inspirational and I am turning them into audiobooks ebooks and books.
He called his story ‘Innocents Abroad’.
Last year I decided to follow in his footsteps and used the journals as my guide in many places.
It was fascinating to see how the places had changed or not.
This year I’m going to go for 5 months and go to England Scotland Wales and back to Germany Italy Switzerland France and Holland to places I missed in 2017.
It’s an adventure tracking down hotels and restaurants museums etc that they went to and knowing that he was once there too.
I was the lucky one to end up with them and I often wonder if he is watching over me as I travel.
Reply Kristin says 01/05/2018 at 812 pm That’s so amazing that you got to do that! What a wonderful gift – sometimes I wonder if she imaged that I might read them one day or if she could have anticipated that we’d follow the journal years later.
Brings tears to my eyes to think about.
Reply sam says 08/28/2019 at 830 pm Aww this is so special! What a great idea.
And maybe you will inspire you’re future grandkids in the same way- who knows! ? Reply Kristin says 09/02/2019 at 1000 am <3 Reply Kate says 11/11/2019 at 1220 am This is such a lovely story.
It’s amazing how you followed in your grandma’s footsteps.
Reply Stay Connected Home About Contact Me Archives Privacy Policy and Disclaimer © 2020 · Be My Travel Muse.
All Rights Reserved 1shares.
