menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chonburi » Blogs » Saying goodbye to students is never fun! Saying goodbye to students is never fun! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chonburi February 27th 2009 Published March 11th 2009Edit Blog Post lkrhoads Excited P.2 Though I am really excited about traveling for the next two and a half months first with Stephanie and Kari in Thailand then on to Laos and Vietnam it is totally bittersweet to leave the school.
It is even sadder in this case because I will probably never see these children again.
Even though I may come back to Thailand again in the future it is unlikely that I would find myself in Chonburi.
Highly unlikely at any rate though I never like to say that anything is impossible.
The end of the term came so quickly for me although the students actually have finals for the next two weeks and will only be on their summer break then.
The Thai school year begins in mid-May and consists of two terms with a break between each.
I was teaching the second term of the school year and so was responsible for making up the final exams.
Sounds rather ominous for primary school! Im hoping I didnt make them too difficult since someone else a Thai teacher probably will be administering them to the students.
I spent the last day with all of my classes playing review games for the final.
Goofing around in the teacher room These animal hats were used for a play the students were rehearsing Stickers for all! I started letting the older students know that I would be leaving about 2 weeks before my last day.
The students in P.4 one of my favorite classes kept asking me over and over again if I was going to come back.
A lot of foreign teachers use the month-and-a-half break to visit their home countries before returning for the next term but I had to let them know as delicately as possible that I would not be returning.
One of my one-on-one students is making it even more difficult.
I think he is genuinely pretty sad about it but he’s letting his feelings out in a very over-the-top melodramatic way.
I don’t want to invalidate his feelings at all obviously it is nice that he cares! but it is a little embarrassing to me the way he has been so effusive the last few day.
He is one of the oldest students at the school so he is not a small child anymore but he is hanging onto me and rubbing his face against my arms like a cat among other shows of affection.
Poor kid has had four different science teachers in two Rooster years due to various circumstances.
Im going to post some of my favorite pictures from the last days of school.
Enjoy! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 12 Displayed 12 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Laurie Rhoads lkrhoads This is my first attempt at a travel blog.
I am creating this blog for my time teaching English in Thailand.
I hope you like it!...
full info Joined October 13th 2008 Trips 0 Last Login August 8th 2014 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 87 Guestbook 109 Photos 787 Forum Posts 0 blog=380730 blogger=95632 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=380730 blogger=95632 Advertisement P.4 student taking practice test P.1 students More P.1 students More P.1 students P.1 P.3 My smallest class with only 6 students but also the most challenging! With P.4 P.2 students Notice the girl in the back right is making her arms into a heart shape.
When I would come in to the class she along with a few of the other students would exclaim I LOVE science and make that heart with her hands above her head.
Priceless! P.1 Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chonburi » Blogs » Saying goodbye to students is never fun! Tot 2.887s Tpl 0.053s cc 8 qc 57 dbt 0.0963s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Laurie Rhoads lkrhoads - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2882 ttl 3600 left 718 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
