menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet » Blogs » To Siem Reap from Bangkok To Siem Reap from Bangkok « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet May 1st 2010 Published May 1st 2010Edit Blog Post pasihan Googbye Bangkok Although I like Bangkok I was quite happy to leave the City this time This is one of the trips that have so many warning for different scams that you actually start to expect something to happen! I was’n in any hurry so I decided to take morning 5.55am train from Bangkok to Aranyaprathet.
The train takes about 6 hours and there is only 3th class seat available.
So I was at the train station little after 5am to get ticket and to find correct train.
No problems not so many people at the station yet.
The train was OK and few local people tried to talk with me with out success.
No common language.
There was on Spain/Japan couple that I met in a train and we decided to share tuk-tuk and taxi to Siem Reap.
The view was not that special so taking a bus is an option for next time.
So we get to Aranyaprathet about on schedule and then we took a tuk-tuk to the border 40 bath = 1 USD or less.
The driver tried to take us into the travel agency and next to Cambodia tourist office but we stayed in the tuk-tuk and said ‘border!’ so finally driver took us to the border.
That was Open boom I have no idea why there was these booms.
Our train was standing in a middle of the road and boom was still open...
funny because no one in the tuk-tuk was really sure where to go but we decided to go to the border directly.
In border we ‘check out’ from Thailand and then bought Visa from Cambodian custom 20 USD or 1000 bath.
No scams even tried here which was a bit of a disappointment.
No much queueing here! BUT you still need to fill the immigration paper and queue to other Cambodian border office and there was a queue! It took about 1 hour to queue and of course there was possibility to pass queue’s with some additional fee.
I did not see anyone take that offer.
When finally in Cambodia it was easy to travel rest of the way to Siem Reap either with Bus or with Taxi.
There is ‘free’ shuttle bus to bus center that locates outside of the town and from there you can take a buss 9USD or taxi 40-50USD.
Most likely you can get a taxi with cheaper price from the Poipet town in Cambodia side.
The road to Siem Reap is really good.
In Siem Reap taxi took us to a tuk-tuk station where we took tuk-tuk to town.
The view from train A lot of palm trees and rice fields maybe....
price was already included in the taxi price.
Our driver wanted to take us to see different guest houses but we decided to stop in the town and have lunch.
And we did.
Trip from Bangkok to Cambodia border cost for me 70 bath 15 USD and it was really easy trip so think twice before taking mini bus from Khao San Road.
And total trip cost was 115 USD and it started in a morning 5.55 train and we were in Siem Reap at 3 pm I think.
Taking the normal route train/bus instead of tourist bus gives new experiences and it is a fun way to travel.
Of course you need to know the prices and normal scams before hand so you know how to react if something happens.
And something will happen! Pasi « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message pasi hannila pasihan Hi! I’m planning to travel few monts in North-East Asia.
Start from Thailand soft landing for traveller life then to Kambodia Vietnam and Laos.
Then back to Thailand and towards Malesia and Singapore.
How far I get depends on how soon my money will run out.
But anyway plan is to travel few monts max half a year.
I Have been working for quite many years and now I need a break and think what to do next.
If I ever going to do this type of trip now it’s time to do it! So I quit my job and give away my flat so I have no hurry to go back home.
Pasi...
full info Joined March 21st 2010 Trips 0 Last Login May 22nd 2010 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 10 Guestbook 3 Photos 34 Forum Posts 0 blog=494505 blogger=156650 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=494505 blogger=156650 Advertisement Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Aranya Prathet » Blogs » To Siem Reap from Bangkok Tot 3.104s Tpl 0.016s cc 9 qc 45 dbt 0.0399s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact pasi hannila pasihan - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 327 ttl 3600 left 3273 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
