menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Europe Â» France Â» Ã?le-de-France Â» Boulogne-Billancourt Â» Blogs Â» Orientation Day Orientation Day Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Europe Â» France Â» Ã?le-de-France Â» Boulogne-Billancourt February 1st 2010 Published February 1st 2010Edit Blog Post notaquestionmark Carte Navigo Apparently 2 buildings on the same street can have the same number one followed by bis which means it was added later which I did not know until later.
I went to 75 rue des plantes and the ISA office wasnt there...because I wanted 75 bis rue des plantes which I think I may have walked past but Idk.
I went back the other way and around the corner to ask someone how to find it.
Eventually I did but before I did I was very upset and lost in the snow and a city I dont know very well yet.
I thought the bis was part of the street name but bis rue des plantes was not on my map! At least I got there and was a bit late but it was the first day and I definitely was not the only one and I didnt miss anything.
Orientation went well some of the information was the same as what had been online and in the booklets but I did learn a lot.
I have my Carte Navigo now picture attached.
It works on ALL forms of public transportation and one price gets me unlimited for the month.
It has my picture on it so someone else couldnt use it.
If it gets lost or stolen they will replace it and reload what you had on it for only 8â‚¬.
It doesnt need to be swiped only tapped and works from inside my purse which means I am less likely to lose it.
I LOVE the public transportation so far.
Besides the amazing Carte Navigo paper tickets are universal as well.
I have only taken the bus so far but each bus stop has a display that tells you how long it is until the next one arrives and it is very accurate! Each stop has a name instead of just an intersection and the bus announces the stops.
There is also a digital display that says the next stop the final destination and how long until it gets there which also seems very accurate! One reason I like the bus is there is not a lot of traffic in Paris especially compared to Philly or NYC so it only really stops at red lights.
People do seem to wait for pedestrians in the city as well which is nice.
I also like it because I get to see things maybe places I might want to check out which would not be possible from the metro.
I got a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower over the Seine as well as a mini statue of liberty on an island in it! I now have a cell phone.
Incoming calls are free so let me know if you want the number and can call internationally.
PLEASE REMEMBER THE TIME DIFFERENCE!! Incoming texts are free as well.
I will also soon be issued a US Virtual number which will have a US area code that people can call locally and it is forwarded to my phone but this does cost me $0.49 per minute.
It is not prepaid and it has a contract but you tell them any start and end date that you want.
It was only $25 for the phone and sim card but I have to return the sim card when I am done.
However the phone is mine to keep and I will hang onto it because it is unlocked so I can use it in the future when I go to any European country and would just need to get a sim card when I do! I bought some things at Carrefour and was surprised how cheap it was for their store brand yay! Unfortunately I didnt have my reusable bag with me and they dont appear to have bags.
But it was only 2 things so I just carried them.
I missed the first bus home because I was turned around for a minute and no one was like Hey the bus is here but the next one was only 7 mins away.
There are several bus lines near me and right near the metro and I love how frequently everything runs.
Apparently for the metro you can estimate about 2 mins per stop to figure out how long it should take you to get someplace.
Street signs are sometimes hard to find they are attached to buildings rather than standing alone or being on traffic lights.
There are signs that stand alone which can be confusing because they just point to landmarks and things so when I thought they were the streets I was very confused.
I may go out this evening with some of the other ISA girls but I dont know what the plans are yet.
One of the guys from TCNJ missed his flight so IDK when he will be getting here sucks a lot for him but he was very ill prepared and didnt even get his visa or pay for the program until 2 weeks ago! That is all for today so far au revoir! Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Rachel R notaquestionmark I am a 20 year old girl studying abroad in Paris for a semester!...
full info Joined January 31st 2010 Trips 0 Last Login March 15th 2011 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 31 Guestbook 12 Photos 1 Forum Posts 0 blog=472354 blogger=151401 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=472354 blogger=151401 Advertisement Brief history of France Although ultimately a victor in World Wars I and II France suffered extensive losses in its empire wealth manpower and rank as a dominant nation-state.
Nevertheless France today is one of the most modern countries in the world and is a leader am...more history Travel Blog Â» Europe Â» France Â» Ã?le-de-France Â» Boulogne-Billancourt Â» Blogs Â» Orientation Day Tot 2.632s Tpl 0.015s cc 7 qc 45 dbt 0.0216s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Rachel R notaquestionmark - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306043 age 908 ttl 3600 left 2692 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
