menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » The Final Stint The Final Stint « Previous Entry Next Entry » Let the Adventure Begin!! Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen September 12th 2011 Published August 9th 2017Edit Blog Post NZFrance NSW Territory Covered In Black Geo -30.4524 152.898 5 months late but I didnt think that I would still be continuing with these blogs after three years.
This will be the last blog related to my work in NSW and what a way to finish off than with a few bits and pieces from around the state over the period of three months.
I guess I should start from the beginning after returning from a 7 month trip to Europe to spend time with Anna I found myself with one last stint up in NSW.
I didnt go straight back to the schools but instead my company picked up a subcontracting opportunity with another company to apply a bomb proof film on the external windows of the Australian Federal Parliamentary Building in Canberra.
It was exciting and something different to the schools.
Our company sent everyone to Canberra for this job and the first delegation of time was 5 weeks during non sitting time.
The good thing about this job in Canberra was the company paid for accommodation and food allowance and we were put in some luxurious apartments not too far away.
The apartments were amazing especially after staying in hostels pubs and caravan parks for the last Raindrop In A Rain Forest two years.
It felt good to be based somewhere for more than a couple of weeks too.
The training took 3 weeks by a group of Israelis flown in who are specialists in the application of the film.
The Israelis were really cool but the language barrier was a huge hurdle it was either good or not so good.
We worked on the main public areas first and then got into the MP offices which required security to escort us around.
We eventually got our security IDs and were able to roam freely within Parliment House.
We didnt end up having the opportunity to see or work in the Prime Ministers office unfortunately but we got to see a lot more than most people do who even work there.
After five weeks parliament was back in session which meant we had a two week break followed by another two week session bomb filming.
So it meant I was back to doing the schools and this time we were into the high schools as all of the primary schools had been completed as I was in Europe.
There are far less high schools around so it meant that completing an area took no time at Emus all even though the meter-age in the high schools were far more higher figures than the primary schools.
We split into groups Dan and Anthony went up to the far north and mid north NSW coast while Sean did the areas around Canberra and outer Wollongong and I went west towards Wagga Wagga and Griffith and beyond the middle of nowhere territory.
I stayed the majority of the time in pubs and occasionally caravan parks I was doing the auditing of the schools so my direction was flexible.
I ended up at the NSW / Victoria border on one of the weekends and took a night trip to my mate Jamess parent place in Bendigo before heading back up to audit schools in Hay and Ivanhoe which was a two hour drive from Hay through some barren land sometimes with no trees throughout the whole landscape.
There were more emus than houses.
Then it was another two hour trip back to Hay and a further two hours to Griffith it was a crap load of driving!! My brothers reaction when he went to film Ivanhoe was one of disbelief and shock because it was a long way to travel and nothing being there.
Another A Cloudy Rain Forest school I had to audit was a big boarding school which was awkward at the start when I had to check every room in the boys and girls rooms during set times.
I had to carry a sign warning the girls I was around theres nothing worse than having a school girl walk into her room and finding you in it thankfully that never happened.
I Finished the set amount of schools by the end of the second week just in time for the next session in Parliament House.
This time around we werent as lucky with being set up in accommodation and having food allowance because we kicked up a fuss with the amount we were making for the time it took so they upped the wages but we had to pay our own accommodation and food which was a crappy caravan park in Queanbeyan and the one and only expensive hostel in Canberra the YHA.
We managed to finish the two week schedule which was to be my last time at Parliament as the days were counting down till I went to South East Asia.
Anthony was also S.E.A bound so we both had one week of filming schools Regans Crocodile up the mid north coast of NSW before it was all over.
We drove straight from Canberra to Newcastle then further towards Kempsey and Coffs Harbour area where we filmed some schools.
I am almost forgetting other activities that occurred among this three month period one of which was a bucks party for my mate Dean.
Held in a luxury house in Healesville for two nights included a night of drinking at the house the first night followed by paintball the following day which was so much fun and painful at times too.
A couple of others arrived the second night and it got pretty hectic.
By the end of the night people were vomiting all around and the Buck was walking around the house with a bleeding toe and missing shoe.
One month later and I flew down to Melbourne to attend the wedding of Dean and Renee held in a great little reception place just out of the suburbs.
A great wedding ceremony followed by a gorgeous reception party.
Finally getting to the place mentioned in this blog is Bellingen.
The final destination for my work in NSW.
We ended up there on the weekend and stayed at the YHA.
Bellingen Cloudy View is a great little place some nice green and hilly areas.
We met some nice people at the hostel including Tu a chilled out NZ Maori nurse.
I took a trip into the Dorrigo National Park with a German lady on one of the days which was pretty gloomy and rainy but thats why its considered a rain forest.
Most of the views were clouded out but the walk through the national park was nice even though it rained pretty heavy and frequently on the rain forest walk.
We went and saw a few waterfalls which were pretty cool and on the way back stopping to take some pictures of a group of Emus It was a great little day trip.
There we have it the last few months of an amazing job that has taken me to some of the smallest corners of the state to some of the most random places where schools happen to still be operating.
I have seen a lot but there are still many areas that I had not gotten to and one can only imagine doing the whole state but after nearly three years on the road living out of a bag and car in hostels Cloudy View pubs and caravan parks eventually took its toll.
I cannot express how much this job changed my life it gave me the freedom flexibility as well as the financial bonus to start and continue my passion with travelling throughout Australia and the world.
I have met some of the most amazing people along the way one of which is my very special girlfriend Anna.
This job and time in my life will not be forgotten easily and I will always look back at it as a once in a life time opportunity that I wouldnt change for the world.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 67 Displayed 27 « Back 1 2 3 4 Next » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 2 Message NZFrance NZFrance ...
full info Joined July 1st 2017 Trips 11 Last Login April 11th 2020 Followers 2 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 205 Guestbook 42 Photos 11.3K Forum Posts 0 blog=991997 blogger=372584 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=991997 blogger=372584 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history Trips Let the Adventure Begin!! January 31st 2009 -» September 30th 2011 Indian and Nepalese Adventures November 24th 2009 -» March 7th 2010 Everest Base Camp Trek Diaries February 2nd 2010 -» February 15th 2010 European Love September 3rd 2010 -» October 8th 2010 Oceana North America Europe and Northern Africa December 16th 2010 -» June 30th 2011 Southern Eastern Asian October 2nd 2011 -» December 19th 2011 A New Chapter December 20th 2011 -» September 15th 2012 A Home Away From Home September 16th 2012 -» September 28th 2015 Its Honeymoon Time! September 29th 2015 -» December 31st 2015 The Trips Inbetween January 1st 2016 -» June 28th 2018 The Project June 30th 2018 -» October 4th 2018 Thistles Cloudy View Superb View Dorrigo National Park Wet Spiderweb Rain forest Plants Rain Forest Plants Tree Roots Dorrigo National Park Rain Forest Plants Rain Forest Plants Bird Fern Rain Forest Tree « Back 1 2 3 4 Next » Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » The Final Stint Tot 1.902s Tpl 0.119s cc 12 qc 28 dbt 0.035s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact NZFrance NZFrance - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
