menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aomori » Blogs » Aomori - Aomori - « Previous Entry Next Entry » Japan - renewing our experiences of this fascinating country Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aomori March 26th 2017 Published March 31st 2017Edit Blog Post Weggs Aomori The Toyoko Inn room was one of the best we stayed in roomy bright BUT a hard bed!Sunday 26th March Up and off early this morning we caught the 0800hrs train out of Takayama changed to the Shinkansen in Nagano rushed to the next Shinkansen in Tokyo and reached our destination Aomori at about 1700hrs having travelled over 800kms for the day.
A tiring day even though we were sitting down for most of it.
Aomori is a port town on the east coast and is as quoted in a brochure about 2 hours 59 minutes north of Tokyo.
When planning this section of the trip we chose this town as it was on the coast and within reach of Hokkaido if we wanted to go further north.
Rags was a little worried that the accommodation we had booked the Toyoko Inn Aomori may be a little less than expected and we had booked it for 5 nights.
His worries were allayed.
The modern-looking hotel just over the road from the railway station gave us a room on the 9th floor which was larger than any other we have been in these holidays.
A walk through a nearby part of the town found it to be an interesting and quite modern town with a good feel Aomori The Bay Bridge just near our hotel.
As spectacular in daylight too! to it.
Should be a good base from which to end our enjoyable trip! Monday 27th March Last night we made the decision to explore the near neighbourhood today.
We had an early Japanese breakfast of rice with cold meat and condiments hot soup and coffee before returning to our room to catch up with our chores.
It is pointless going out too early as nothing seems to be open in Japan before 1000hrs.
First stop was the nearby Fish and Vegetable Centre.
We found something resembling a market but it was very quiet and there wasnt a great variety of either.
We spent a little time looking at various shops and stalls around them before crossing a bridge across the railway lines where we found ourselves in a more average neighbourhood.
we did note that this area was not as clean and tidy as most of what we have seen of Japan but in fairness not all the snow had melted and cleanups may have followed.
We walked around a small marina and towards the Aomori Bridge a spectacular construction reminiscent of a harp.
Before crossing it we decided to explore some buildings in Aomori The Prefectural building.
Very impressive building there to greet the tour ships that dock just behind it.
the distance.
The first was a casino and from there we went to a building marked COOP.
This store had all sorts of shops and the first we entered was like our $2 shops.
Had a good time there looking at various things and walked out with various knick-nacks for home and for the grandkids.
Rags is like his father who else would return from a trip to another country and return with a packet of sandpaper? The supermarket was good too and confectionery for presents and a 1.8 litre bottle of Suntory whisky for us to take home were purchased.
A cold walk across the Aomori Bridge followed the wind being icy and strong.
We crossed the harbour and left the bridge at the Aomori Prefectural Building a 76m building in the shape of an A for Aomori.
This was set up for tourists especially those that came off the cruise ships which would moor there with stalls selling the local products such as those made from apples and other tourist junk.
Lunch was a different type of noodle soup to what we had previously had once again delicious.
Rags made the error of saying he wanted Hirosaki Beautiful snowflakes dropping on us on the way to the castle.
to got to a department store to look at some kitchenware.
We found a department store no kitchen section but a good range of ladies clothes all at sale price! He was rewarded with a Starbucks coffee and a pastry Judy with a new dress and a jumper.
Seems to be an inequity there but then again we arent home yet! The cold was getting to us now so back to the hotel.
Tonight neither of us felt like braving the weather for dinner and as we had a late lunch we were happy with nibbles left over from yesterdays train trip and a few drinks.
Tuesday 28th March This morning we caught the local train and over the next hour watched the passing countryside become whiter and whiter due to the snow remaining getting deeper and deeper.
In fact it did start snowing but the snowflakes just melted when they hit the ground.
The Aomori Prefecture is where the Fuji apple was developed and as our destination of Hirosaki is considered the Apple Capital of Japan you could almost call the town the home of the popular Fuji apple.
Just out of the town boundary Hirosaki We werent sure whether this was the Castle or the Keep.
Restoration work was on everywhere.
is the Hirosaki City Apple Park where a large range of different apple trees are grown.
We didnt get to this section mainly because there was little to see at this time of the year with the trees bare of leaves and the ground covered in snow.
It was snowing as we left the train and walked down one of the main streets - a mall - of the town and even though it was cold it didnt seem too bad as there was no wind.
Our main objective for this tour was to visit the Hirosaki Castle and the huge parklands around it.The castle itself is closed to the public as much work is being done to restore and repair it.
Soil around it has swelled putting the keep and the wall fronting the moat at risk.
The keep tower has been moved and they are in the process of removing and then rebuilding the wall.
We were able to get close to the building walking through large gates and reinforcements over 3 circling moats.
There were workers shovelling snow away from the building as we walked past.
After taking many photos and standing on several past lookouts Sukayu Onsen If you look carefully you still wont see Judy! we made our way back towards the railway station time having got away from us and stomachs telling us it was lunchtime.
As today was our wedding anniversary we wanted to make the day a little special and Rags had spotted a pizza shop advertising Guinness.
With both of us happy to have a change from the Japanese food we have been eating and enjoying we made this our choice for lunch.
Unfortunately they had no Guinness for sale they just used a sign with that brand on it but their pizza was very tasty although rather expensive.
A few more little purchases were made at a local store before we relaxed for an hour in the warmth of the train before returning to Aomori.
After a shower and change of clothes Judy bought a nice warm dress we shared a bottle of wine we bought to celebrate before setting out to find somewhere nice to eat.
This wasnt easy as it seemed Tuesday wasnt a day all the restaurants opened or they didnt seem nice enough for our special dinner but we did end up in a posh looking Italian one.
A fancy looking meal was had amongst Sukayu Onsen Lots of snow still around it.
the chandeliers with the waitperson hovering.
We did feel a little guilty at not having Japanese food for both the meals out today and will keep looking for that special Japanese meal.
Wednesday 29th March We had another interesting day today we caught a local bus which took us to Sukayu Onsen.
An onsen is a traditional Japanese communal bath and this one set high in the snow fields opened in the mid 1800s.
It is one of the few left in Japan where both male and female can bathe together.
The smell of sulphur dioxide from the volcanic water was strong when we entered the old wooden building but inside it is not noticeable.
We were supplied with a towel and another cloth about the size of 2 washcloths the latter to be taken in to splash yourself with either cold or hot water.
It could also be used to be modest but was so small it was a waste of time.
On entering the large room you see two large pools one at about 40 degreesC the other a little cooler.
There is also another tub at the side with bowls next to it Sukayu Onsen The snow depth is shown on the sign.
and here you go to thoroughly wash yourself before stepping into one of the other pools.
It is very warm inside and quite steamy with the water in the first pool you enter giving you a bit of a shock with its temperature.
We stayed in for about 10 minutes before settling into the cooler pool for a longer time.
There were only a few other people in the water one elderly lady and three or four men.
Very little notice was taken of us and we felt quite comfortable there talking to each other.
After about 30 minutes both of us were looking a little more wrinkly than normal so we left for our respective change rooms and met in the main foyer once again dressed.
Rags was impressed that Judy overcame her qualms about going in she rather enjoying the experience.
We did time it well though a bus of tourists arrived and it may not have been such a serene time with all of them there.
After a soba buckwheat noodle soup lunch and a walk through the shop there we found our bus to return to Aomori.
This was the same one we had come Aomori The final temple we looked at.
up on and the driver greeted us as if he was our personal driver which he almost was as there were no more than 4 or 5 other people on the bus at any time.
He had driven from Aomori at a very sedate speed this obviously set by the company as we had to wait at several stops for a few minutes before moving on.
The return journey was the same and winding down the steep mountain passes with the snow several metres high on each side we appreciated his careful manner.
On disembarking at the terminus Rags thanked him and complimented his driving receiving a big smile in return.
Today we elected to have our room cleaned by the staff at the hotel the other days we just had the towels changed and the bin emptied.
This was done as part of our green mindset as sheets dont need changing every day and the room was clean with us only being in it for only a short time or for sleeping.
The previous hotel used to reward guests who did this by giving them a bottle of water and although that was appreciated it negated any green Aomori Now this is a soup! saving.
Be that as it may the room was not ready yet and we sat in the foyer for a short time watching the world go by until they were ready.
Judy had some work to do for her students so the rest of the late afternoon was spent in our room.
Thursday 30th March Another stillcold yet fine morning with showers forecast for the afternoon.
This will be our final day in Aomori and we have done most of the things we were hoping to do and then a few.
Judy hadnt had a good nights sleep bed too hard and wasnt feeling 100%! MISSINGAfter a leisurely breakfast and the usual preparations we went out and finally located the fresh fish and vegetable markets.
Here you can buy a set of tickets and you get a bowl of rice.
The idea is to then go around to the participating vendors and exchange these tickets for samples of their fresh fish scallops prawns roe and the like and then sit down with some condiments and enjoy your meal of sashimi.
It did sound interesting but as we had no appetite so soon after breakfast and Judys Aomori fish market Here you can buy tokens to trade for pieces of fish to have with your rice dish.
tummy wasnt quite ready for raw fish the thought of cold seafood in the cold environs of the market did not really appeal.
Instead we walked further down the main street well away from where we had been before finding ourselves in a more local type of area.
One shop selling all sorts of tableware caught our eye and we walked out of there with a few things for ourselves and possible presents.
A supermarket was next and here again we purchased a few things such as drinks and nibbles.
A bottle of a drink Judy had last night will be added to our luggage this joining the bottle of whisky already there.
It wont take much to fill our duty-free quota the way we are going! Even further down the street we came to a local temple and as we hadnt been to one for a couple of days we entered at Judys insistence.
Nice enough place and we saw a monk removing an offering to the gods of fruit and drink for safe-keeping.
On the return walk we crossed to a street running parallel to the street we had been on to find we had come Bay Bridge across a seedier part of town with many bars advertising ladies many with multiple rooms opening into the laneways.
It may have been an interesting place to see at night but Judy didnt think so.
Judy did find the spot of the day a little further on a cafe packed with locals at 1145hrs.
A spot was found for us and the next 45 minutes or so had us enjoying one of the best lunches we have had this trip.
Judy had a chiili tofu dish with squares of tofu in a sauce on top of rice plus miso soup Rags had a huge bowl of chilli soup with ramen noodles chicken cabbage carrot bean-sprouts spring onion and mushroom.
Both of us struggled to finish our meal but we did try hard.
Rags will definitely try to replicate his soup dish when we return home.
With the skies becoming grey and the wind rising we took that as an omen to stay in our room for the afternoon Judy having a lot of uni marking to do and wanting to get it finished as Sunday is the deadline and well be busy flying home that day.
Neither of Aomori Nebuta Figure We saw these in many spots around the town.
they relate to the Nebuta Festival that is held in August every year.
Nebuta refers to the float of a brave warrior-figure which is carried through the center of the city while dancers dance around in the float.
us was very hungry but we did go out in the evening as we thought we should have something.
We ended up at a small cafe nobody spoke English and there was no English menu.
Through sign language and pointing to the menu we ordered two dishes which looked like pizzas and a bottle of hot sake to share.
Two egg pizza-like dishes came out a bottle of room temperature sake with one glass and a glass of what Judy described as marmalade and water followed.
The pizzas were great one seemed to be seafood and the other vegetable.
Rags even found an oyster in his! The sake had to be shared as it was 20% alcohol and Judys drink was only ok.
All in all though it was a very enjoyable meal.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 20 Displayed 20 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 4 Message Judy and Rags Weggs We first backpacked in Eastern Europe in 2001 visiting Netherlands Slovakia Slovenia & Italy.
In 2002 we spent the whole 12 months backpacking around the world.
This was before blogs so find details here http//members.iinet.net.au/~weggs/weggs_world/index.htm In 2007 we enjoyed another 6 months.
This time we organised some home exchanges to help the budget meet new people and be able to kick back and relax in a few places.
Hawaii San Francisco Mexico Croatia England Scotland Canary Islands Czech Republic Austria Netherlands China & Tibet were all visited either briefly or fo...
full info Joined May 5th 2007 Trips 20 Last Login May 12th 2020 Followers 4 Status BLOGGER Follows 5 Blogs 273 Guestbook 632 Photos 4781 Forum Posts 51 blog=961458 blogger=37738 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=961458 blogger=37738 Advertisement Brief history of Japan In 1603 a Tokugawa shogunate military dictatorship ushered in a long period of isolation from foreign influence in order to secure its power.
For 250 years this policy enabled Japan to enjoy stability and a flowering of its indigenous culture.
Fol...more history Trips Around the World in 6 months August 1st 2007 -» January 28th 2008 Margaret River region February 15th 2008 -» February 20th 2008 Gold Coast to Perth - to pick up the Jeep February 23rd 2008 -» February 25th 2008 First outing in the caravan - Waroona area May 16th 2008 -» May 18th 2008 Marble Bar and Nullagine - a working holiday July 28th 2008 -» August 14th 2008 New Zealand home exchange September 7th 2008 -» October 17th 2008 Some of the South West of Western Australia March 11th 2009 -» March 24th 2009 Vietnam Trip April 5th 2009 -» April 23rd 2009 2009 Trip North with the caravan May 16th 2009 -» September 22nd 2009 Deploying XOs to remote communities October 27th 2009 -» December 1st 2009 Perth - Melbourne in the caravan March 19th 2010 -» May 28th 2010 Bali Bikeboyz Trip 2010 June 16th 2010 -» July 4th 2010 Europe 2010 August 28th 2010 -» November 10th 2010 Around Oz with a US side trip! May 10th 2011 -» September 19th 2011 Netheregions Tour May 9th 2012 -» July 26th 2012 France and Cycling in the Czech Republic April 9th 2014 -» June 9th 2014 East Coast and Tasmania February 16th 2015 -» June 15th 2015 Driving a boat from Airlie Beach to Perth October 4th 2015 -» October 31st 2015 Through the Red Centre via the Flinders Ranges July 29th 2016 -» October 30th 2016 Japan - renewing our experiences of this fascinating country March 8th 2017 -» April 8th 2017 Blogged From TravelBlog Awards Blog Poster Blogger of the Week Commenter Hall of Fame Photography Top Photos Aomori Snow plow removing snow from path.
Aomori Anniversary lunch Apple sculptures Aomori breakfast Hirosaki Snow on road up the mountains.
Hirosaki Another display Noodle dish display 31st March 2017 Helena Holton non-member comment Enjoy the last day tomorrow! Looking forward to tasting your chili souo with ramen noodles! 31st March 2017 D MJ Binkley Dave and Merry Jo Binkley Japan Now that is an amazing amount of snow.
Looks like you are having a great time.
1st April 2017 Thelma non-member comment Japan Well your holiday is coming to an end tomorrow and I suppose there is still a lot that you would like to see.
Perhaps youll go back again and see what you missed one day .
i have found reading your blog very interesting and I must say I loved the Apple sculptures !!.I will be glad to see you home when you can tell me all about the things you didnt tell me in your blog which ! thank Rags for.
The temp.
here today is forecast for a 31c day and very much the same tomorrow.Warm right through for the next 3 to 4 days.
See you soon.Love Mum.xx 1st April 2017 Weggs Judy and Rags Warmth I wont be able to wear all my warm gear but at least Ill get the washing done! Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aomori » Blogs » Aomori - Tot 3.171s Tpl 0.094s cc 10 qc 36 dbt 0.0301s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Judy and Rags Weggs - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 909 ttl 3600 left 2691 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
