menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar » Blogs » France 114 - The journey continues Les I France 114 - The journey continues Les Islettes to St Croix en Plein/Crazy legged Crane « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar April 28th 2017 Published April 28th 2017Edit Blog Post JenGog The stunning Alps with mountains Day 3 – Les Islettes to St Croix en Plein What a cold night! It was somewhat unexpected and hard to believe that it is April.
The wind even chilled the sheets on the bed making them cool to the touch.
We shivered all night under our bedclothes.
Even in the morning with the heating on in Suzy we shivered.
We were woken up to the sound of birdsong coming from the trees in the wood next door.
The church bells rang out.
All our neighbours were abed as we drove away from our little idyll to head for our next port of call St Croix en Plein.
Close to Colmar we had been in this area before.
The journey was relatively painless and uneventful.
Being a Sunday the lorries were parked up for the day which meant that the roads were fairly empty.
I feel that I am lacking in inspiration as I write.
My cold sore on my lip has erupted with a vengeance and wonder just what I have done to deserve it.
Been a bad girl I guess!!!! They say that a picture tells a thousand words and sadly I have few pictures to show so Swiss Alps - not quite a photo from St Croix but the best I could do far.
The rape fields gave way to empty ploughed fields waiting for the next crop to be planted.
The yellow Laburnum flanked the roadsides.
The grass had in parts been harvested already.
A few months earlier than home in the United Kingdom.
Cows munched away in the fields.
Vines were being cultivated and the framework was erected for the upcoming hop harvest.
For the first time we passed through a peage where virtually every van was being stopped and searched.
It seemed that security was relatively high.
We saw our first Crazy Legged Crane – a stork – with long gangling legs hunting for food in the fields.
The more ingenious one had legged it to the Aire at Haute Konigsbery and was finding food around the rubbish bins.
So where did Suzy end up? In a campsite in the isolated area around the village of St Croix.
An area of nothing but farms I didn’t expect much from the campsite.
Reception was closed when we arrived so with half an hour to waste we walked around to see the lie of the land.
The site is huge and very peaceful.
Chickens wandered around pecking at the ground.
There was a swimming pool but yet not open.
Bungalows were scattered around the site.
The plots were large and well set out on grass.
The sanitary block was clean and tidy.
If there was a problem it was the electricity supply.
Plenty of posts but they were quite a long way from the plots.
Once reception opened we paid our 17 euros 90 site fee ordered bread for the next day and set up on plot 36.
With awning pulled out we sat admiring the pink phlox growing thickly on the bank beside us.
We drank our wine amongst the mauve Bearded Iris .
We even picked up English TV.
Kathrein of course decided she did not want to go back down into the parked position.
We played a round or two of our quiz.
We started the Big Quiz two rounds a day when we set out.
We had got through a round of History and one of Geography.
Glenn had crept ahead.
Today we covered sport and cooking .
I edged in front.
So what of today? We have passed the signs for the battles of the First World War the Maginot Lines and one of the largest and best preserved examples of a Vauban fort .
Tomorrow we had over the border into Switzerland.
One rather nasty cold sore and my phone has packed up !!!!! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 22 Message Jennifer Jones JenGog A 60 something who feels that the world is her lobster that life is worth living and that you only get one shot at it .
A whole new world opened up since we bought Suzy.
A different view out of the window every day and the chance to see life in all its glory.
And then there is Sion our travelling companion.
A knowledgeable sheep who with his Sheep Book of Facts keeps us on our toes.
He and his bestest bestest friend Woolly Mammoth search the world for latrines roofs and manhole covers.
What more could you want out of life? ...
full info Joined August 13th 2011 Trips 3 Last Login June 16th 2020 Followers 22 Status BLOGGER Follows 13 Blogs 848 Guestbook 890 Photos 4709 Forum Posts 55 blog=963662 blogger=206245 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=963662 blogger=206245 Advertisement Trips our second trip in Suzy May 1st 2013 -» June 2nd 2013 FRance Spain and a little of Portugal September 1st 2013 -» September 30th 2013 France and Spain May 3rd 2014 -» June 3rd 2014 Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar » Blogs » France 114 - The journey continues Les I Tot 1.561s Tpl 0.017s cc 46 qc 189 dbt 0.043s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.9mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Jennifer Jones JenGog - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306042 age 2880 ttl 3600 left 720 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
