menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Ko Chang Â» Blogs Â» Over too soon! Over too soon! Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» My Big adventure 2012 Advertisement Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Ko Chang October 24th 2012 Published October 24th 2012Edit Blog Post pollywotsit Disabled access Thai style I dont think they understood the concept of wheelchair access too well! Soon it is time for my long journey home.
One thing I have learnt is that my ipad speaks a totally different type of English to me so for this last blog I am not going to correct any of the changes it makes or the suggestions it gives me! Here goes...
On the plane to Thailand I had a few little worries mainly what if I got lost what if I cannot find where I am staying? Being alone made that feeling bigger as I knew I would have noone to ask but I surprised myself...
Not once was I lost perhaps misplaced a few times but that was it! That was my biggest worry sorted.
What if I got bored with myself? That didnt happen either - I had anticipated feeling a bit alone or lonely - that didnt happen either! So overall a good trip and it certainly has boosted my confidence a bit.
HIGHLIGHTS Elephants! Without a doubt being able to bathe with one wash her feed her and being shown around her patch of jungle was an amazing experience.
I was smiling like a nut-job all day and still smiling when Careful! Poipet warning And some people do not understand a notice such as this? On the Thai - Cambodian border.
Going in to Thailand at Poipet.
I recall how it felt.
The floating village without a doubt.
I have wanted to see this for so long after seeing it on a TV Documentary - it was well worth the effort to get there and see it first hand.
It is far more impressive than watching it on a screen - to see the children playing and waving at the odd white woman - amazing isnt quite the right word! The bridge over the River Kwai...
this was not a bit how I imagined it.
I have read of the destruction many times seen it portrayed on TV in films and documentaries but to actually see it stand on it and take time to wonder...
It was much smaller than I had imagined but that in a way makes it more horrific thinking about what happened there.
I recall being told a very long time ago that my Granddad Taylor was in the war office in London and was there when final decisions were taken - Im not sure now just what that means but I am going to try to find out Helen...
do you know??.
Seeing the ruins of Ankgor Wat was Our amazing world Having seen these pictured on TV and on websites I wondered if they were as big as they seemed or as impressive as I thought they may be they are huge and enormously impressive and to stand there and touch it is amazing.
It makes me wonder about other things other places...
Truly amazing.
pretty amazing too the recent history Pol Pot the millions who were killed by palm tree leaves seems too incredible for words! Travelling alone has given me time to relax and enjoy time just enjoy being...
I hadnt anticipated how that would feel - just being...
again amazing! So in 2 hours I will be on the first leg of my journey home.
Taxi to the ferry then the ferry bus to Bangkok Airport plane to Muscat plane to Heathrow underground train to St Pancras train to Sheffield then Lees Taxi to my house ð?˜? Perfect!! Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Additional photos below Photos 8 Displayed 8 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Pollys Wotsits and adventures pollywotsit Embarking on my African Adventure travelling solo to Zimbabwe Botswana and South Africa in April and May 2014 ...
full info Joined March 3rd 2006 Trips 1 Last Login March 17th 2020 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 31 Guestbook 78 Photos 156 Forum Posts 0 blog=751737 blogger=13376 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=751737 blogger=13376 Advertisement The bridge over the river Kwai Although the bridge is small compared to how I imagined it to stand there and wonder what it mAy hAe been like for the prisoners of war to build that and to remove all the stones hillsides etc ideal it is unimaginable - there is no way I could imagine how they managed or felt.
dinner on the River Kwai More a beer really had a bit of food.
scenery was stunning Tone Sap One of the highlights of my trip was visiting the floAting village at Tonle Sap.
Seeing the children was amazing and something I wont forget - mollycoddling parents in the UK would probably benefit from a visit here to see what Children are capable of instead of filling their Heads And life with tv wrapped in cotton wool! Dinner A last coffee on the beach before heading home ok ok it might have been beer! One eyed dog This dog fully dressed has only one eye and is so cute! Can be found at Island Lodge Koh Chang! 25th October 2012 Pan non-member comment Your amazing journey.........
And thats not just the miles youve covered! Ive so enjoyed your blogs and am going to miss them ð?˜˜.
Hope by now you are home safe and sound......although second thoughts not quite sure if its today or tomorrow.
But SO glad you had such a fantastic time and coped so well.
Xxxhugsxxx 25th October 2012 Pan non-member comment Your amazing journey.........
And thats not just the miles youve covered! Ive so enjoyed your blogs and am going to miss them ð?˜˜.
Hope by now you are home safe and sound......although second thoughts not quite sure if its today or tomorrow.
But SO glad you had such a fantastic time and coped so well.
Xxxhugsxxx Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Ko Chang Â» Blogs Â» Over too soon! Tot 1.846s Tpl 0.029s cc 16 qc 60 dbt 0.0636s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Pollys Wotsits and adventures pollywotsit - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
