menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Sant Pere de Ribes » Blogs » Episode 10 Sant Pere de Ribes Episode 10 Sant Pere de Ribes « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Sant Pere de Ribes July 11th 2011 Published July 11th 2011Edit Blog Post Skyedude Sorry I didnt post yesterday.
I was just lounging around and not doing much and forgot to post.
So lets start this post with what happened 2 days ago.
We lounged around in the morning I read my book my mom did yoga and not much happened.
Around 600 pm my mom and I went down to the beach and swam.
Then around 900 pm my mom Teja and I got in Shawns car and drove to Sant Pere de Ribes a small and beautiful town 10 minutes from Sitges.
This is the same town I had the fiesta de espuma in.
We drove to the house of Mercé and Peter and their kids Zoe Leo and Kay.
My mom Teja Mercé and Peter went out for tapas traditional spanish meals.
Zoe Leo Kay and I went down to an ice cream parlor or heladeria as they call them here and got ice creams.
I got a lemon and nata mixture.
Nata is that ice cream without a distinct flavor.
We all played monkey in the middle with the frizbee down in the plaza where the festival of foam was.
All of this was in Spanish and it was a great opportunity to practice my Spanish.
That day was a blast.
Yesterday was fun too.
Around noon Kirana one of Shawns friends and Noah her kid came over.
Noah and I played with the frisbee My mom Kirana Noah and I played a game called clue.
And then Kirana Noah and I played a big game of monopoly.
I had lunch at 500 dinner at 930 and went to bed at 1100.
I guess thats just normal for Spain.
One thing I noticed hanging out with Noah my spanish is improving a lot.
I now dont even have to think about what I am saying in Monopoly.
When I want to say something it just seems to fall out of my mouth in Spanish.
Its a really neat experience.
Tomorrows post will have images I guarantee.
My mom is just packing up to go ...
somewhere.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Skye Cushman Hawthorne Skyedude I am 11 years old and I am from California.
Please contact me if you have any questions at theskyehawthorne@gmail.com.
...
full info blog=626358 blogger=203016 Blog Map Print Version 11th July 2011 Kathleen non-member comment speaking the language Dont you love it when something just falls out of your mouth the right way like that! After a week here in Italy thats finally happening to me again here ...
though I know that when I get back to NY and have to speak Spanish again Im in trouble! Anyway I love reading your posts keep it up! Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Sant Pere de Ribes » Blogs » Episode 10 Sant Pere de Ribes Tot 3.374s Tpl 0.016s cc 12 qc 49 dbt 0.1082s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Skye Cushman Hawthorne Skyedude - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306041 age 2879 ttl 3600 left 721 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
