menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Aberdeen » Blogs » days13/14 Wedding a ruddy big bit of days13/14 Wedding a ruddy big bit of bling and some boxing « Previous Entry Follow the yellow brick road! Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Aberdeen April 29th 2011 Published May 7th 2011Edit Blog Post FollowThe YellowBrickRoad As it was a Friday Christine was working from home again so I had a lazy day around Dee Why..unfortunately as it was still changeable weather I wasnt able to top up my non existant tan on the beach.
Due to all the hype of the Royal Wedding coverage a decision was taken to have a Royal Wedding Party.
The plan was that due to the time difference the build up started at 6 with the ceremony at 8 so this laid the ground perfectly for a fancy soiree involving sushi and champagne.
My task for the afternoon was to get some tat so we could celebrate in style.
I think I did well in locating a fancy dress shope where I located 2 plastic tiaras some party poppers crisps sweets etc.
The plan was also to get all dressed up in a fancy frock but in the end Im afraid i just couldnt b bothered changing so I enjoyed the wedding wearing my plastic tiara hoody and combats it is apparently what all wedding guests will be wearing in the session of 2011/12/ Before this Linc had also got christines engagement ring resized and all I can say is that OMG talk about the Rock of Gilbraltor! Saturday was my last full day in the Land Down Under so I had agreed to attend an early morning Gymn class with CP...
boxercise was our class of choice in a Virgin Gym about 15 mins away.
Up until few years ago I was a regular at Body Combat Classes which I did enjoy but had never done boxerise before.
Unlike the gentle opening few minutes of classes back home this class started at high intensity for the get go.
It was gonna b a long 50 mins.
The instructor was Maori and wud have fitted in well in an All BLacks team.
It was intense but good fun though i wasnt looking forward to using my arms next day to lug my cases about the place! As it was my last night CP had booked table in Manly Wine Bar blagging a table at window saying she had an important visitor over from Ireland- yep i felt V special.
Perefect ending to my trip over!.
Sunday - I reluctantly packed up my belongs and said a sorry Cheerio to a Lovely Sunny Sydney typical now i was going home!.
This time i was flying through the night so was determined to try and get some sort of sleep if I could especially as i had work the next day.
I have had such a fab time in sydney and the whole break was exactly what I had needed and been looking for after a shitty few months.
It has refocused me to realizing that life is for living.
I guess in last few years i have been stuck on the WORK- HOME _ TV hamster wheel but this trip has helped me open my eyes to Living Life fully.
Yes maybe the weather at home isnt so good but there are loads stunning places all over Irelnd that I havent visited cheap flights to countries in Europe I need to discover...
LIFE IS FOR THE TAKING PEOPLE its not « Previous Entry Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Paula C FollowThe YellowBrickRoad A Belfast dorothy following the yellow brick road to the wonderful world of oz...
full info blog=610415 blogger=196255 Blog Map Trips 1 Print Version Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Aberdeen » Blogs » days13/14 Wedding a ruddy big bit of Tot 2.256s Tpl 0.081s cc 10 qc 49 dbt 0.0834s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Paula C FollowThe YellowBrickRoad - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
