menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bega Valley » Blogs » The world according to Ellie & Aisha The world according to Ellie & Aisha « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bega Valley December 10th 2007 Published December 14th 2007Edit Blog Post Pink Eden Radar Hiding in the pillows Hello Ellie here but daddy is typing.
We arrived on Tuesday night had dinner and went to bed.
The next day we went to watch granddad play tennis.
Then we went to bed.
Mummy and daddy left on Thursday to go to Melbourne.
It took them 8 hours to get there.
Then when they left half an hour later they came back to get Aisha’s prescription so they could get her Malaria tablets.
Then we watched Anastasia again.
Then err an hour later after we went horse racing.
We were very very bored and just before we were going to leave we saw Santa.
And then we were very very very very happy and stayed until the last race.
On the last race nana voted for cha cha with me and it won.
She won $21.30.
Then we went home to bed.
On Friday I spent the entire day in my pyjamas because this lady said that we had to stay in our pyjamas all day.
The lady was a friend of nana’s who let us use her swimming pool.
We had to go in our pyjamas because I was going to stay the night but I didn’t.
She had three Horse racing cat’s two kids and a guinea pig.
I played with all of them.
On Saturday we went to petaroo place in Bega where they make cheese that I don’t like.
At petaroo place we went on a guided tour.
We got to stroke a koala called Louie.
We then went to the reptile house and I held a blue tongued lizard and I also got to hols a shingle back lizard.
After that I got to hold a snake.
It was a diamond python he was very soft.
After that we went to see the lady feeding the petaroo’s.
A petaroo is a cross between a kangaroo and a rat.
They were very small.
When we were walking to see the dingo’s granddad almost stood on a venomous red bellied black snake.
The next day we went to a proper zoo at Bateman Bay.
We saw red pandas.
They look like red racoons and come from Myanmar in south East Asia.
We saw Meerkats snow leopards Jaguars brown bears Bengal tigers white lions ordinary lions zebra giraffes ring tailed lemurs black and white puffed llama’s and lots of funny monkeys.
That evening mummy and daddy came back.
The next day Us with Grandad At the horse racing we did nothing.
In the evening we went to a golf club place for dinner.
On the way we saw loads of wild kangaroo’s.
The golf club place had a big window that looked straight at the sea.
Nana said that if we had been there three weeks earlier we could have seen the whales in the ocean.
The end from Ellie.
PS I had loads of fun and now I want to go and watch TV.
Hello Aisha here but Daddy’s typing.
Mummy and Daddy left to go to Melbourne on Thursday morning.
They came back half an hour later because they are silly and forgot some stuff they needed.
Then we watched Anastasia.
Nana’s work said that we could go with her and granddad to her Christmas thing at the horse races.
We went racing up and down the race course then we went to see Santa clause at the race course.
He gave us a bag full of goodies there was sweets and magazines.
We went home at the end.
Next day we went swimming at a friend of Nana’s house.
They had two kids that we played with they were 5 and 9 years old.
Santa At the horse racing Ellie stayed the night.
On Saturday we went to a zoo.
We saw some koalas and I got to stroke one.
We saw some Peacocks and hedgehogs Echinada’s.
We got to stroke a long neck turtle.
We stroked some lizards and I held one.
One looked like a pine cone.
Ellie holded a snake.
I fed and stroked some kangaroo’s.
We saw some crocodiles and some dingoes.
Granddad almost stood on a red bellied black snake and the dingo’s wanted to eat it.
It was a big one but I wasn’t scared of it.
I fed an emu.
I talked to a cockatoo and he kept saying hello back to me.
On Sunday we went to a different type of zoo that had leopards monkeys lions bears tigers and a red panda.
There was also otters and meerkats they were funny and very cute.
We fed some deers and one eated my food bag.
Nana and granddad have a cat called radar he curled up under the bed pillows.
He kept escaping out of the house and he went on the chair and curled up and fell asleep.
He was mad and ran around a lot.
He wouldn’t let me Santa At the races pick him up but I got to stroke him a few times.
He sat on Granddad’s lap a lot.
I had fun with nana and granddad.
At the end of the day we watched some DVD’s.
The corpse bride Angelina holes shrek 3 the Simpson’s movie and meet the Robinsons.
I really enjoyed seeing nana and granddad and I was sad when we left.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 28 Displayed 25 « Back 1 2 Next » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Chloe Leckie Pink Eden We are leaving UK to travel round the world with my Hubby Russ and 2 daughters Ellie 10 and Aisha6 on the 1st September 2007 We are spending a month in the USA then 6 weeks in NZ 6 weeks in OZ then we have 4 months in Bali Singapore Cambodia Laos Vietnam and Thailand...
then back to UK...
Looking forward to it and hope to be able to keep up with this blogging thing so that all those back home in the rain can see our adventures........
full info Joined July 20th 2007 Trips 0 Last Login October 6th 2010 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 1 Blogs 68 Guestbook 62 Photos 541 Forum Posts 3 blog=227467 blogger=43910 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=227467 blogger=43910 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history At the horse racing At the horse racing Aisha Stroking a Koala Ellie and a koala Ellie and the lizard Aisha Holding a shingleback lizard Ellie and the lizard Ellie Holding a diamond python.
Check nanas face I dont think she liked the snake very much.
Kangaroo Dingos The dingo is looking at a red bellied black snake Emu Aisha The talking Cockatoo At the zoo Red Panda Meerkat Ellie Feeding Bamby « Back 1 2 Next » Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bega Valley » Blogs » The world according to Ellie & Aisha Tot 3.181s Tpl 0.034s cc 11 qc 52 dbt 0.0465s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Chloe Leckie Pink Eden - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
