menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Jomtien Â» Blogs Â» 13th January - 20th January 2014 Jomtei 13th January - 20th January 2014 Jomtein Beach Pattaya Koh Larn Sukhumvit Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Jomtien January 20th 2014 Published January 20th 2014Edit Blog Post dangales4 Jomtien Night Market Its been while since my last blog update.
Since I last wrote I havent really done much that deserved a good read so I thought I would bank up some days.
Monday 13th and Tuesday 14th were spent on Jomtein Beach in South Pattaya.
The beach was beautiful.
The Thai people line it with overlapping umbrellas which pretty much went down to the sea it wasnt a very wide beach but very long.
This meant that most of the time when I was sunbathing in my deck chair I was actually sitting with my feet in the sea sounds weird but the waves are so small as the water is so calm shallow and clear so it was pure nice.
It was also pretty cool under the umbrellas too like a labyrinth where the Thai locals would be cooking up food socialising and playing games.
They would offer out the food it was all pretty much deep fat fried prawns and barbequed squid Gross and cheap too but such a relaxing atmosphere.
On Tuesday evening I went for a mooch down the street on Jomtien 5 Road.
This is where I found the night market and the music plying Jomtein Beach I become obsessed with Sunset photos.
This is the best one I took monster truck.
While I was at the market I ordered Thai Pad and a German Sausage.
I bit into the sausage and thought Thats pretty wrank and needless to say I ate no more.
Thai Pad was nice though nom! Wednesday 15th I woke up feeling really ill obviously something I had eaten over the last few days didnt agree with me.
I woke up at 6am and luckily I was the only one in the 8 bed dorm of which I was so happy about....
Number 2 stage fright would have definitely gone out the window if anyone was in there but luckily I didnt need to worry as I didnt have time lol.....
I went back to bed until 1pm.
I woke up and thought I would go to the beach.
Got to the beach but could only last 1 hour I felt rough as a badgers! Needless to say I went back to the hostel and thats where I stayed for the rest of the day and night.
That night Carolyn who is from Utah joined me in the dorm.
She was cool and we got on really well.
We also had another girl who came Pattaya Bay This is where I caught the ferry to Koh Larn in at 12am.
She annoyed me a lot.
Im sure she came dressed in a bin liner.
She was rustling plastic backs for about an hour bearing in mind it was like 1.15 am I was not happy to say the least.
We named her The Bag Lady....
Thursday 16th I woke up and was on top form thank god! I went for a fry up down the road and then walked 3 miles I originally thought it was 5...
I wanted to find an electrical shop so I could buy a beard trimmer but never did find one in the end.
I was also walking towards or at least in the pre-tense that I would find the pier so I could get the ferry over to a tropical island Koh Larn.
Pretty much stumbled across it and also walking street Where Ladyboys on Sky is filmed.
Got the ferry over to the Island.
This place was heaven only 1000 people live on it.
The seas are turquoise and the sands are pure white.
They did the same here as they did in Jomtien re the umbrellas.
This time though the beach was totally flat and quite wide so Nice This small Island was off the coast of Kho Larn.
It had one house on it! Someone is obviously lucky to live there they had sun beds rather than deck chairs and this was so cool to sunbathe on a bed while the sea was slowly flowing back and forth underneath me.
The boat right back was epic.
The waves were massive and made the boat was pitching so much and I got soaked but it was such a cool experience I loved it!! I walked all the way back to Jomtien so it turned out to be a long and exhausting day.
Friday 17th was another beach day.
I went out for a meal at night but it was gash! Jomtein was so nice but it was massively geared up to cater mainly for Russians and damn they were rude!! Saturday was another beach day.
Saturday night Carolyn and I went to Walking Street in Pattaya City.
This totally opened my eyes to Pattaya and how it got its reputation.
It was full of Lady Boys bar with curtains over the front doors bars with bars and more bars inside one building and loads of screaming Thai boys and Ladies dying for attention and money as well as being the loudest street on earth and rammed with thousands of people.
Koh Larn This is the beach I was at where the sea flows under the sunbeds We went to a bar which had 12 other bars inside.
The long Islands were only Â£2.45 each so I made the most of that and consumed about 8.
Needless to say I didnt drink much more after this.
Carolyn wanted to chat to people so we starting chatting to three guys from Sweden and ended up spending the rest of the time with them.
They took us to a different and better bar that overlooked the bay.
Shots were flowing the music was banging! I decided that I couldnt handle anymore drink so I left Carolyn with the guys and she ended up going back to their hotel room for the night...
Dirt Bag lol.
I think everyone has seen the video I made while I was heading back to the hostel.....
I actually made 3 videos but can only show one lol.
Sunday I left Pattaya and headed back to Bangkok.
This consisted of one pick up truck ride to the bus station.
One 2 hour bus ride to Bangkok.
A 25 minute sky train to the eastern line.
A 15 minute overland tube train to Sukhumvit and a 20 minute taxi ride to the hotel.....
Loads of travelling!! Finally made it! Checked in and literally got into bed.
All this travelling was done in 30 degree heat an 18kg bag on my back a small back pack on my front and one of the worst hangovers for a long time lol.
Sunday night there was a bomb attacked in Bangkok not far from where I am due to the current protests so I decided that once my stay is up here Tuesday Morning that I would check out of Bangkok and get way from this drama.
Today Monday 20th I went for a walk up and down Sukhumvit road.
Prior to this I was sunbathing on the roof terrace got too hot though due to no fresh air! While out walking I did see down the road a blockade where some of the protesters were camping so I quickly turned round and walked back.
Stopped in the shop and got 5 poofty pops Mojitos in a bottle for like Â£2.
BARGIN! Thats is so far for now.
Got to venture across to central Bangkok tomorrow to the Embassy to get a re-entry permit so I can go to Loas and Cambodia and then come back into Thailand in early Feb in order to go to Phuket and all the islands and to meet Emma P and Katie ð?˜? and then Im getting the over night train to Chiang Mai tomorrow evening which should be fun.
Peeeeace! Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Dan Gale dangales4 Life isnt about avoiding the rain its about learning how to dance in it!...
full info Joined November 11th 2013 Trips 0 Last Login October 5th 2018 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 1 Blogs 20 Guestbook 3 Photos 245 Forum Posts 0 blog=824086 blogger=277606 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=824086 blogger=277606 Advertisement Brief history of Thailand A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
Known as Siam until 1939 Thailand is the only Southeast Asian country never to have been taken over by a European power.
A bloodless revolution in 1932 led to a constitutional monarchy....more history 20th January 2014 trev gale non-member comment blog Nice blog Dan made Mum chuckle in a couple of places take care.
Mum and Dad.xx Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Jomtien Â» Blogs Â» 13th January - 20th January 2014 Jomtei Tot 3.263s Tpl 0.169s cc 18 qc 57 dbt 0.1444s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Dan Gale dangales4 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
