menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar » Blogs » France 34 - Colmar and a noisy night on France 34 - Colmar and a noisy night on the campsite « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar June 10th 2012 Published June 10th 2012Edit Blog Post JenGog Colmar It was only a hop step and a jump from the ecomuseum to Colmar.
We had picked the campsite near the river due to its location within walking distance of the city and the public transport which stopped outside the camp.
We also wanted to use it as a base for two days in which we could go to Strasburg.
The journey into Colmar was lovely with the hillsides covered in vines.
Every village was pristine.
A lovely church storks nests on top of the Mairie or the church.
Flowers everywhere in gardens and in public flower beds.
There was certainly a sense of pride about this region and everyone played their part keeping it cleanneat and tidy.
When we arrived at our camping site the young receptionist was just leaving for lunch.
We had arrived at 12.25.
She wasnt due to leave for 5 minutes but she was locking the door and going for her lunch.
Not returning for an hour and a half we were instructed to go onto the site into the holding area and wait until she came back from lunch when she would book us in.
Whilst we waited we had a look Colmar around the site.
It seemed quiet and well organised.
There was no problem with space with plenty of spaces for motorhomes close to the river.
The plots which were close to the river though were small and sloped.
There would be little room to put the awning out or bring out the chairs.
After our quick look around we went into the campsite restaurant.
There were no tables available outside as these were all taken.
The waitress found us one inside.
As it was hot we did not complain - it was rather nice to sit in the shade for a while and while away an hour or two.
I ordered Tarte Flambe Forestiere and Glenn a normal Margarita pizza.
It took a long while for the food to come as the waitress was on her own serving drinks and taking orders for food.
My Tarte Flambe was a local delicacy a thin pizza crust covered in a white sauce with thinly sliced onions and mushrooms on top.
Lovely if you love onions and I do.
The tart was made completely of thinly sliced onions and was very tasty.
I had heard of Tarte Flambe watching the Hairy Bikers Colmar on tv and had earmarked having one when we reached Alsace.
It was far too much for lunchtime and I had to regretfully leave some of it.
Glenns pizza was as usual nice to start but got rather boring as he worked his way through it.
For both dishes we were charged 19 euros and 60 cents which did seem a touch pricey for a campsite restaurant.
We would have liked to have gone again but felt it too costly for what was on offer.
It felt a bit of a rip off.
It would have to be home cooking for us tonight and tomorrow .
When 2pm arrived so did the receptionist.
She picked a plot number for us which was close to the water and just below a rather grotty mucky old washhouse.
The sinks were full of leaves and muck.
I have no idea when it was last cleaned.
Storks wandered around the tents caravans and motorhomes swans swam on the river.
I was a bit surprised how a municipal camping ground could be so dirty in places .
Normally they are excellent value and exceptionally clean.
Having said that the new toilet blocks which were Colmar quite a walk away from our plot were much nicer and cleaner.
Later as the afternoon wore on more campers arrived and tents were erected between us and the river.
A convoy of wagons appeared late afternoon.
It looked like the local guide or scout troop had arrived.
We heard the boom boom of music in the distance and lights appeared in the woods as kids played games well into the night.
It did not auger well for a peaceful night.
We walked into Colmar in the evening 2 km each way.
It felt much further than that as we saw the bus sail by.Had we realised it was on its way we would have waited for it rather than walk.
The houses on the way were uninspiring.
Walks seem so much better when you have something half decent to look at.
We didnt feel inspired by the walk at all and the Centre Ville seemed hard to find as we took our lives in our hands trying to cross busy intersections.
Once we did find our way in the centre was heaving restaurants and cafes filled to brimming packed the streets.
Some of which looked awfully expensive.
We Colmar just wanted a drink and it took a long time to find an Irish bar where we could buy a lager and a coke.
The squares in the town were pretty as usual with fountains and flowers everywhere.
Music rang out from cafes and musicians played their instruments on street corners.
We walked to Little Venice lined by beautiful fishermens cottages.
They all looked very pretty lining the narrow streets which were made even narrower by the restaurants which spilled into the lanes or into the water.
I was reminded of BrugesGhent or Antwerp rather than Venice.
We had intended staying in Colmar to see it lit up.
We had read that on Friday and Saturday evenings the main buildings were lit up.
I thought seeing the church the town hall and the other medieval buildings woudl look magical however it did not seem to want to get dark and we had a long walk back to the campsite to look forward to.
The walk had indeed put us off going into Strasburg the next day.
We did not fancy another 2 km walk to the station a long train journey before spending the day walking around Strasburg.
Strasburg would have to wait for another day and the lit up city missed as well.
Still some things you win and others you lose.
.
When we arrived home it was dark the campsite relatively quiet however by 12 the party began.
Music drummed across the site until 2 in the morning.
We never did find out if it was the guide/scout camp or a disco in town.
Later we heard bottles being thrown and broken.
We battened the hatches hoped Suzy would be Ok and waited for morning.
We had paid for two days camping but felt we did not want to stay another day at this site.
When we left we felt a touch of disappointment but our next destination a municipal site near to Riquewihr sounded as if it was going to be peaceful and would give us the opportunity to wind down and try a little of the famous Alsace wine.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 22 Message Jennifer Jones JenGog A 60 something who feels that the world is her lobster that life is worth living and that you only get one shot at it .
A whole new world opened up since we bought Suzy.
A different view out of the window every day and the chance to see life in all its glory.
And then there is Sion our travelling companion.
A knowledgeable sheep who with his Sheep Book of Facts keeps us on our toes.
He and his bestest bestest friend Woolly Mammoth search the world for latrines roofs and manhole covers.
What more could you want out of life? ...
full info Joined August 13th 2011 Trips 3 Last Login June 16th 2020 Followers 22 Status BLOGGER Follows 13 Blogs 848 Guestbook 890 Photos 4709 Forum Posts 55 blog=722708 blogger=206245 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=722708 blogger=206245 Advertisement Brief history of France Although ultimately a victor in World Wars I and II France suffered extensive losses in its empire wealth manpower and rank as a dominant nation-state.
Nevertheless France today is one of the most modern countries in the world and is a leader am...more history Trips our second trip in Suzy May 1st 2013 -» June 2nd 2013 FRance Spain and a little of Portugal September 1st 2013 -» September 30th 2013 France and Spain May 3rd 2014 -» June 3rd 2014 Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar » Blogs » France 34 - Colmar and a noisy night on Tot 0.134s Tpl 0.098s cc 12 qc 23 dbt 0.022s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.2mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Jennifer Jones JenGog - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 900 ttl 3600 left 2700 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
