menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » Australian Capital Territory » Blogs » One week until the Kimberley trip!!! One week until the Kimberley trip!!! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » Australian Capital Territory June 23rd 2019 Published June 23rd 2019Edit Blog Post MickP It is high time for another trip this time up to the Kimberley.
We have a new vehicle for this trip and we are looking forward to putting it through its paces on the Gibb River Road.
We’ll be away for 7 – 8 weeks and covering around 15000 km give or take.
The rough itinerary for this trip looks a little something like this • Head up to North toward Mt Isa and onto Katherine in the first seven days approx.
3600 km • Hang around Katherine for a few days and onto Kununurra for another few days and then sloooooow right down • Three weeks between Kununurra and Broome and then stay in Broome for a couple of days • Across through Fitzroy Crossing and Halls Creek to the Bungle Bungles in the Purnululu National Park • Follow the Tanami Track down to Alice Springs • Head East to the Hay River Track and then follow that South into the Simpson Desert and onto Birdsville • If we have time head South toward the somewhat full-of-water Lake Eyre and then an unknown route home.
Our little dog Bella gets a guernsey for this trip as we won’t be going into too many National Parks and for the ones that we do want to go into we have company in Di and Tony who are going to bring their pooch Jack and they have kindly said they’ll look after Bella for us when we hit Mitchell Falls and some other NPs.
This weekend sees our last major chance to get everything ready to go bar food and clothes.
Heading off next Saturday nice and early – cannot wait! If anyone has any ideas of places along the way that we simply cannot miss please let us know! Some of the places on the list to date include the Longreach Qantas museum Barkly Homestead Mataranka Springs Lake Argyle El Questro station Wyndham Mitchell Falls Drysdale River Kalumburu Derby Cape Leveque Wolf Creek Crater and maybe Innamincka the Dig Tree Cameron Corner.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message MickP MickP Not much to tell really......
full info blog=1036441 blogger=266408 Blog Map Trips 3 Print Version 25th June 2019 Jo H non-member comment VERY envious At Katherine I hiked up through the gorges and swam back down to camp ground jetty getting windy as the sun was setting.
It may have been made easier because water levels were low that year clambered over rocks between gorges.
It was a great experience - particularly watching those Johnson crocs slipping into the water I swam with my sneakers on!.
The ranger came out in his tinny as I was rounding the last bend and I asked if there were many crocs we tagged 200 just in this one last year.
Didnt swim at Fitzroy Crossing HUGE salty sitting on a nest - great dairy farm near the crossing that sells milk shakes!! Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » Australian Capital Territory » Blogs » One week until the Kimberley trip!!! Tot 0.354s Tpl 0.128s cc 8 qc 41 dbt 0.0431s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact MickP MickP - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
