menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ko Chang » Blogs » weds day 19 weds day 19 « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ko Chang February 6th 2015 Published February 6th 2015Edit Blog Post Sarahs182 Plan was to do a bit of walking today see some waterfalls maybe a beach or 2 and fingers crossed for a sighting of a monkey! Shared my first taxi with 2 American girls who are on holiday from china learning Chinese! After about a 20 min taxi ride and a walk of 2km to a national park quite a pleasant walk past mangroves an elephant sanctuary and a local village.
Had to pay 200 baht entry  locals its free or 20 baht and then a further wooded walk to a beautiful waterfall with a plunge pool where people were swimming and cooling off.
Headed back to the main road and walked out to the local beach where i sat for a bit and soaked up the sun.
Taxi number 2 was shared with 2 guys from Ireland - swopped names with one and are staying in contact via Facebook the taxi only went so far - so onto taxi number 3! This one was hailed down by a very friendly parking attendant at a posh hotel - wasnt really needed but it was a very sweet gesture - and he waved me goodbye! After a really long walk  it said 4km - it felt more like 8!! and hitching a ride on a motorbike sidecar  im sure the driver had been drinking - could smell it on his breath he kept chattering to me in Thai and laughing! the walk was so long i didnt feel like being too picky! I made it to a tiny waterfall - very dried up  it is there dry season pretty surroundings but not much water! There was no chance of getting a taxi out here - it felt like the back of beyond so started the walk back in 30 degree heat and no shade! It wasnt completely arduous tho - saw a very cute group of puppies a little girl came to say hello and blew me a kiss and a pick up truck came past and offered me a lift!! - it was a group who were returning from a trek up in the hills - with 2 guys from the uk! So had a nice chat with them.
I got dropped off at white sands beach - very long stretch of beach with lots of shops and restaurants.
While walking along i saw monkeys - which really made my day! There was 5 of them on the pavement fishing scraps out the bins - i gave them a wide berth and managed to get some pictures they didnt seem to mind as long as you didnt get too close.
Found a nice restaurant and had a lovely dinner last taxi was to take me home.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Sarah Dowdall Sarahs182 blog=872418 blogger=305604 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ko Chang » Blogs » weds day 19 Tot 3.164s Tpl 0.032s cc 9 qc 44 dbt 0.1129s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Sarah Dowdall Sarahs182 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 900 ttl 3600 left 2700 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
