menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Armidale Â» Blogs Â» Where in the world has Becka Smith been? Where in the world has Becka Smith been? Â« Previous Entry Advertisement Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Armidale May 17th 2011 Published May 17th 2011Edit Blog Post Becka Smith P&O Hey Lebtown gang! My apologizes for your loss of sleep since I havent updated for so very long! I know my Grandma was very worried...even though she has no idea what a blog is.
Well this past 2 months WOW! was it really that long? have been extremely eventful.
Ill try my best to keep it short & sweet! Chelsea Heather and I spent an awesome 3 week holiday away from uni school work and stress to have FUN! We booked a 12 night P&O cruise to Vanuatu Fiji and New Caledonia.
This was my first cruise and WONT be my last.
The girls and I were 3 of the 6 Americans on the whole ship....we felt quite popular! Check out the pictures posted of the cruise! I do need to mention that this vacation was the first without my family and Joes family too but we still act like kids! Without the hustle and bustle of finding the best road races around the area I really missed my themespecially my bros.
The ping pong tables kid pool and ice cream bar really needed some Smith kid craziness.
After the cruise the three of us headed to the Gold P&O Coast for Easter weekend.
We had massive shopping days...Yes that was plural...DAYS.
There was major damage done on this shopaholics part.
At the Gold Coast we stayed at Surfers Paradise.
It was made of beautiful beaches tons of nightlife an American breakfast cafe still no luck on finding waffles though shopping all of this including it was the cleanliest city I have ever stepped foot in! It was a perfect vacation destination.
Easter Sunday was celebrated with a home cooked meal made by Heather.
On the menu was Spaghetti with cheese stuffed meatballs peas garlic bread 1 liter of milk for the each of us.
I got her hooked on loving skim milk! For dessert we had oreos....classic American teenage goto snack! On ANZC day which is the day after Easter is celebrated almost like Memorial Day back in the States.
Kirsty and I planned to spend the rest of the holidays together and I left Surfers Paradise on ANZC day.
I am proud to say I made it out of the very scary/sometimes sticky situation of public transportation! I am still shocked that I got there on my own but I did it.
Her family and I spent P&O the week in the Sunshine Coast specifically Bribie Island.
We did more shopping and hanging out with my best Aussie girl! We loved watching the Royal Wedding- Im OBSESSED! Cass/Hayls- can you please save me all the magazines?! I bought a ton here and thought we could compare! We returned to Drummond & Smith on May 1st.
Reuniting with the American girls was so sweet & I missed being away from them for so long! On May 2nd we celebrated together with a toast to the land of the free and thanked God that evil Osama had his life ended.
We also were able to watch President Obamas speech online.
Since being back we have been crushed with school work but still had time to celebrate Chels & Heaths Bdays! Still waiting on the package Joe.....They would love to have their gifts that were purchased in February! We also killed the other colleges by becoming undefeated in our girls soccer tourney.
It was an awesome day.
I also do have to thank Miss Cassidy Shaver for her wonderful letters I have been receiving.
Staying in that family tree I got a letter from Grammy that totally made my day! P&O The ship! Where you at H-DAWG? I would love a letter from you & Soph baby too! COMING UP NEXT Trip to Sydney!! And Kirstys Bday! Stay tunedð?˜? Thank you for reading! Enjoy the warm spring months for me it is freezing over here! My love to you all Rebekah XOXO Â« Previous Entry Additional photos below Photos 65 Displayed 24 Â« Back 1 2 3 4 Next Â» Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Rebekah Smith Becka Smith Joined February 12th 2011 Trips 0 Last Login June 25th 2011 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 5 Guestbook 20 Photos 147 Forum Posts 0 blog=612669 blogger=190926 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=612669 blogger=190926 Advertisement Cruise The back of the boat...where we spent many days suntanning Our ship! Photo 45 We stayed on deck 10! The ship! The Ship! The 3 of us Pentecoste Island Vanuatu Asking for church donations Pentecoste Island Vanuatu Young boys had to jump off this tower to become men.
They were tied by their feet with vines.
Pentecoste Island Vanuatu The building of the church Pentecoste Island Vanuatu Pentecoste Island Vanuatu Pentecoste Island Vanuatu seashell hunting for Faye  seashell hunting for Faye  look at my collection! Life is hard..
Villa Vanuatu Drinking out of cocoanut after Kayaking! P&O Heather and I having a fun night P&O Cute surprises! Â« Back 1 2 3 4 Next Â» Travel Blog Â» Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Armidale Â» Blogs Â» Where in the world has Becka Smith been? Tot 0.165s Tpl 0.071s cc 9 qc 50 dbt 0.0412s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Rebekah Smith Becka Smith - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 915 ttl 3600 left 2685 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
