menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops » Blogs » Wilderness Adventure Part 2 Wilderness Adventure Part 2 « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops March 31st 2010 Published March 31st 2010Edit Blog Post Mrs Smith Kangaroo Did you push our car? So we are all settled in watching a crap DVD about people getting lost in the jungle while making a film about Vietnam war in the middle of nowhere with no one around at least that is what we think when suddenly the Tank starts to rock.
I look at Shenton and he looks at me neither of us are moving so what can be going on.
There is not a breeze in the air and I for one am a little bit scared.
Shenton jumps out of the Tank and without touching the ground is on top of Tank with his head torch on.
I hear him moving around then he shouts to me  get my gun out I play along as the most dangerous object I have to hand is his glasses case and say  ok what about your knife he says no not the knife just the revolver I think the kangeroos are shitting themselves now well they better be cause I am.
After a few miniutes searching the darkness it seems there is nothing or no one out there and even though Shenton is convinced we are under attack he gets back in Amazing views to watch the rest of the DVD.
All goes quiet and we are asleep by around 9.30pm.
It is pitch black raining and there are all kinds of noises going on outside neither of us is getting that much sleep when we hear the rubbish bag moving outside.
Shenton shines his torch out the Tank window and says Oh my god whatever it is has also got a torch and is shining it back into my eyes.
He then realises that he is actually shining his own torch in his eyes he was half asleep.
So we get the torches on the rubbish stealer and it is wild dogs or foxes.
They have a nibble on the pot noodles but dont seem to like Hot and spicey so they leave.
This is aroud 4am and I really am not going to get anymore sleep.
By 7am the rain seems to have stopped so we decide to get going and stop nearer the bottom to make breakfast instead of round here as I for one am completely freaked out and it feels like we have been here for a week.
We get the rubbish and the table brave the Misty views outside loo this is the scariest part of all and are ready to go.
Then Shenton finds one flip flop by the camp which was not there when we arrived it really is time to get out of here as Shenton now tells me that apperently he has read that crazy Vietnam vets live in the outback and wilderness areas of Australia.
Shenton turns on the engine then I remind him we have no windscreen wipers so he jumps out to clear the screen and the car dies.
He tries again but nothing and again and again.
Crap this is getting scary.
I am trying to take the drunk Australian mans advice to the old Chinese woman with a bad hip on the plane over from NZ to Australia when he said to her keep it strong wear it like a thong a sexy thong but I can feel the panic rising.
I suggest we leave it have a cup of tea and see if it starts in half an hour.
Well my mind is racing about what would I take when we have to hike out of here to try and find someone to help us or some Road to salvation signal on the phone that obvioulsy is not 99.9% coverage of Australia as the sales person told me! We get back in the car and I am literally crossing everything and praying that Tank will get us out of here.
Shenton pulls out the choke as he thinks he needs to get more diesle into the car turns the key but nothing.
Now the battery is starting to go and we really dont have many more shots at this.
Then Shenotn has a brain wave we have the CB radio we switch it onto channel 24 and Shenton calls out for any rangers in the area.
This time its not a joke and I dont want to play them any songs.
We try this for a few minutes but there is nothing.
Now Shenton looks to the skys and prays for a miracle and turns the key and hurrah! Tank starts.
Our faces are a picture and we both scream lets get out of here.
I immediately burst into tears and we dont stop the car until we reach the next major town Taree which is a complete hole but bliss after what we have been through.
I am Just like the peak district really glad we took the detour as we got to see loads of kangaroos and breathtaking views as can be seen from the pictures but I am really looking forward to getting back to the coastal route where I can have a hot shower and relax a little.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 2 Message Nicola Smith Mrs Smith About to start round the world adventure.......
full info Joined February 5th 2010 Trips 0 Last Login August 21st 2017 Followers 2 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 60 Guestbook 61 Photos 757 Forum Posts 0 blog=486478 blogger=151955 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=486478 blogger=151955 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history 1st April 2010 atty non-member comment Funny tale liked the bit about you bursting into tears!!!! I bet Shenton when you werent looking also had a quivering bottom lip.
Keep the blogs coming.
Atty Maya and the Wug x 12th April 2010 shirley non-member comment lol Ah poor you...I did really giggle though especially the bit were Richie thought another torch was pointing back at him.
still lol writing.
I rec it was the Kangeroo.
Keep the travel tales coming.
I am loving them.
Miss and love you Shirley x Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops » Blogs » Wilderness Adventure Part 2 Tot 2.836s Tpl 0.047s cc 9 qc 46 dbt 0.0533s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Nicola Smith Mrs Smith - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306045 age 904 ttl 3600 left 2696 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
