menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » La Rambla » Blogs » Fear and Loathing in Barcelona Fear and Loathing in Barcelona « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » La Rambla February 17th 2014 Published February 17th 2014Edit Blog Post Mike and Karen Aeroflot Desk The natives are getting restless When the Spanish female paramilitary officer grabbed the mans i-Phone out of his hand I couldnt believe what I was seeing.
The Chinese man protested that he had just taken a picture with the i-Phone of his family at the airport departure gate.
The policewoman began viewing and deleting pictures from the mans phone as he looked on in bewilderment.
When he tried to take his property back the woman told him I am the police.
You must do what I say.
Oh Really? Welcome to the new and improved Catalonia Spain.
We had arrived in Barcelona the night before and were supposed to be flying out the next day to Saigon via Moscow on Aeroflot Airlines.
The first thing I noted when we arrived in Barcelonas city center were the large numbers of government security personnel.
Besides the city police there were duos of civil guards patrolling the perimeter of the Plaza de Catalunya.
Green-fatigue garbed military police armed with automatic pistols and sub-machine guns watched the Plaza from surrounding streets.
A very odd sight given my previous visits to Spain had always been peaceful and unremarkable stays.
Amber alert? Defcon five? Taliban hate-mail? NSA meta-data? I wasnt quite Spanish Aeroflot Manager This was his favored body language during the entire day.
sure what to make of it all as the crowds were primarily Western in origin and couldnt have posed much of a threat given that their mouths were full of Paella and their hands encumbered with shopping bags.
Theres something bad happening in Spain and as a culture theyve never coped well with paranoia.
Remember that Inquisition thingy they got wrapped up in for...
how long was it? Oh yes now I remember Centuries.
We headed to the airport the next morning checked our bags cleared passport control and headed to our gate for an 1110 AM departure.
At 11 we were informed that the flight was being delayed due to mechanical issues.
We looked at the plane sitting forlornly on the jet-way.
There was no evidence that any work was being done to the aircraft.
The Aeroflot desk was being manned by a trio of Spanish Aeroflot subcontractors who studiously avoided making any eye contact with the passengers.
Two guards wearing Vigilante Security Im not making it up name tags blocked the door to the jet-way in case somebody tried to force their way onto the defective plane and fly off with it.
At 2 PM they Our Plane I just wanna be fixed.
Is that so bad? Is that so awful? announced that the flight was canceled but Aeroflot would do its best to get everyone aboard the scheduled 5 PM flight.
At 4 PM we were told that due to limited seating not everyone would be get a spot on the flight.
Priority would be given to those folks traveling with children then business class passengers and then frequent flyer members.
There were approximately 40 Chinese citizens with small children in our group.
They were on their way back home to Beijing after vacationing.
The Spanish Aeroflot employees assured the Chinese families that they need not worry as they would all be seated with their kids on the next flight.
I was there.
I heard them say it.
It was a lie.
While the now-placated Chinese sat off to the side Aeroflot proceeded to divvy up the available 5 PM seats to all of the Russian and Spanish passengers they could.
Armed security personnel started popping up in the gate area where they traded knowing looks with the Aeroflot workers.
When the female cop grabbed the guys camera everybody started smelling a large rat.
At 5 PM the rat made his appearance.
Indeed The Chinese were going nowhere.
Hell Aeroflot Russian Manager Took this picture from under my arm as the police were watching anybody with a camera.
This woman was the poorest excuse for a corporate rep I have ever met.
With me she was dismissive.
With the Chinese Hateful.
Karen and I were going nowhere.
There was another flight to Moscow that night at 11 PM but since Karen and I had NO chance of making a connection to Saigon we figured it best to stay in Barcelona at Aeroflots expense and figure out what we were going to do.
We joined the Chinese and Poles at the Aeroflot desk to reschedule.
The police remained close by.
It took us over three hours to reach the Aeroflot window which was staffed by a single person who did her best to reschedule everyone using a single slow computer.
Another woman the Aeroflot manager appeared refused to answer questions and avoided eye contact at any cost.
At no point did Aeroflots staff make apologies to any of the passengers.
We spent the night at the airport Best Western.
Made our flight to Moscow the next morning.
Barely made our flight to Vietnam.
Unfortunately the only place in Nam Aeroflot could put us into that day was Hanoi which is nearly 1000 miles from Saigon.
No problem we had been told the night before by the surly Aeroflot manager in Barcelona.
We will assist you in transfer to Ho Chi Minh Aeroflot Desk Closed Scene the next morning when we went back to get our boarding passes.
It finally opened 45 minutes later.
City and we will make sure your bags arrive safely with you.
In Fact Our bags never left Barcelona.
We spoke with the Aeroflot manager in Hanoi.
Hallelujah! A real human being.
He helped us fill out our claim documents gave us some money to purchase toiletry items till our bags arrived and then the guy actually APOLOGIZED for putting us through all this trouble.
He didnt know a thing about helping us onward to Saigon so we bought our own tickets and filed another claim.
This time with our credit card company.
In the end Aeroflot ended up eating our hotel bill for the night.
Paid for 6 meals.
Reimbursed us for our inconvenience lost two potential customers FOREVER.
Aeroflot has quite the business plan.
As for the Chinese families We never saw them again.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 8 Displayed 8 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 7 Message Mike Richards Mike and Karen We are Mike and Karen.
We were fortunate enough to retire while we still had our wits and our legs.
We are striving to fill our days with long journeys and lazy days.
Over the past few years we have taken a yen to SE Asia.
Our past trips have included South and North America Europe and East Africa.
Life is good and getting better all the time....
full info Joined September 18th 2008 Trips 0 Last Login October 27th 2019 Followers 7 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 135 Guestbook 282 Photos 2527 Forum Posts 1 blog=827484 blogger=92406 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog MapPrivate Blogs 11 Print VersionPrivate Blogs 11 blog=827484 blogger=92406 Advertisement Brief history of Spain Spains powerful world empire of the 16th and 17th centuries ultimately yielded command of the seas to England.
Subsequent failure to embrace the mercantile and industrial revolutions caused the country to fall behind Britain France and Germany in ...more history Checking their e-mail? This is Aeroflot in crisis mode.
The guy on the right looks like hes been through this before.
Moscow Our first sight in Moscow during our 30-minute stay.
Barcelona International Airport Devoid of both flyers and customer service.
A monument to the Barcelona Olympics.
Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » La Rambla » Blogs » Fear and Loathing in Barcelona Tot 1.909s Tpl 0.094s cc 20 qc 65 dbt 0.0439s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.5mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Mike Richards Mike and Karen - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306046 age 2893 ttl 3600 left 707 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
