menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Armidale » Blogs » Last-Minute Tips Before you Go on a Holi Last-Minute Tips Before you Go on a Holiday « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Armidale November 19th 2019 Published November 19th 2019Edit Blog Post Sporty Dave Last-Minute Tips Before you Go on a Holiday The feeling of realising you are going on a holiday is exciting.
Prior planning is the best when going for a vacation.
If you are not prepared you may end up forgetting the obvious yet critical items.
So before you jet out observe this handy checklist to ensure everything is in order.
These tips will save you time and avoid obvious mistakes.
Ensure your Passport is valid An out of date passport can turn your excitement into a nightmare.
Few will take time to confirm if their passport is still valid in advance.
It is important you do it or you may have to forget about your dream trip.
Besides check the countries destination where you are flying to.
Some countries have policies where your passport is valid for a certain period from your arrival dates.
Do you homework so you know if you require a visa or not.
Airlines will not let you board unless you have the relevant visa prior to departure.
Secure Your Home Nothing will wreck your holiday memories fast like coming home only to realise it has been broken into.
Knowing how to secure your home is imperative.
Do a thorough cross-check of the doors windows and ensure they are all in perfect condition.
If you have any due deliveries like groceries cancel them.
Clean out the fridge trash the garbage pick up the floors water the plants turn off the water unplug and turn off electronics.
It is worth to ask a family member or a trusted friend to check on your house.
Pause your mail or remove any mail from behind your front door.
You do not want to come back to a heap of letters waiting for you.
Check your Flight and Confirm Departure Time Navigate to the airline website at least 24 hours before the departure of your first flight.
As you do this confirm the departure time as well.
The airline might have change the departure time on you so the best action is to call them and confirm.
Do not forget to arrive at the airport within the recommended time frame.
Check if you have Required Documents for your Trip Have all the essential travelling documents together.
Be it your boarding pass driving license or entry visas let them be in one folder.
Also take with you some contact details just in case something happens you can contact them.
Make copies of everything your passport and itinerary visa leave them with your relative or someone you trust.
This could be of help in case you happen to find yourself without your original documents.
Take Care of Your Pet Unless you are travelling with your pet organise for care while you are away.
Doing this you will have a piece of mind knowing that someone has taken care of your friend.
You can organise with a pet sitter or perhaps a home sitter who will look after everything.
Inform your Bank It is important to inform your bank when you will be travelling.
Let them know if you intend to use your debit card while on holiday.
This is because some banks may have geo-restrictions and an overseas activity can cause suspicion and suspend it.
You do not want to get your card stopped after enjoying your dream meal.
Sort out your Travel Money Do not wait until the last minute to sort out your travel money as it can cost you a lot.
You will find the cheapest rates online but you can research online and compare exchange rates.
You can however opt for a prepaid card.
A prepaid card works on a pay-as-you-go method.
All you need is to load the money on the card and then to top it up you call or go online.
Image Pexels License CCO « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Sporty Dave Sporty Dave David lives in Australia and works as a business consultant.
When not working David has enjoyed travel through Africa The Middle East South East Asia and The United Kingdom.
He enjoys blogging and when not behind a book can be found under water....
full info Joined December 16th 2016 Trips 0 Last Login February 25th 2020 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 11 Guestbook 0 Photos 15 Forum Posts 0 blog=1044385 blogger=361662 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1044385 blogger=361662 Advertisement Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Armidale » Blogs » Last-Minute Tips Before you Go on a Holi Tot 2.96s Tpl 0.037s cc 8 qc 49 dbt 0.0372s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Sporty Dave Sporty Dave - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 903 ttl 3600 left 2697 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
