menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Tel Aviv District » Tel Aviv » Blogs » The flight and security checks...
and Te The flight and security checks...
and Tel Aviv! Next Entry » Advertisement Middle East » Israel » Tel Aviv District » Tel Aviv March 5th 2006 Published June 21st 2017Edit Blog Post SadikD Tel Aviv The day to fly to Tel Aviv arrived.
Altough it was a business trip it was an oportunity to see Israel.
When I called the airport in order to check for the flight details Id noticed that I had to be there 4 hours in advance due to the security check!.
Arrived at the Amsterdam airport went to the check in desk of El Al.
Only difference is that this desk is just slightly different then the other ones.
It was in a corner protected with bulletproof glass and there were troopers with automatic guns for protection.
Security for EL AL has a very high priority.
Once arrived at the check in desk which was a table where every traveler gets an personal interview about the purpose of the travel ethnic background with who you travel and where to stay.
After a very intensive interview I passed the first security check.
After the passport check at Amsterdam airport we had to go to a special area underground for another intensive check.
All the luggage were scanned by different types of X-Ray machines.
My Shoes were completely checked if there was not anything which could cause any danger during the Tel Aviv flight.
At a certain moment I was afraid that they will do internal research as well… J After passing this security check as well we could board and fly to Tel Aviv… The flight was comfortable and after 5 hours we arrived to David Ben Gurion airport at Tel Aviv.
The flight was comfortable and after 5 hours we arrived to David Ben Gurion airport at Tel Aviv and the challenge now was to enter the country.
Compared with the security check before the flight entering Israel went without any delays.
Just some questions at the passport check but just business as usual.
We took a taxi and went to our hotel.
When we checked in we realized that our secretary accidentally reserved a room on the Royal Floor of the hotel which was approximately $ 300- A day! Luckily we stayed only for 3 nights otherwise we would hit the limit of our credit cards.
After checking in and entering the room we went out for a dinner and explore a bit the boulevard of Tel Aviv.
As we had to wake up early for the meetings and we were tired of the travel Tel Aviv we didnt made it late and went to sleep early.
The second day when our 3 days of meeting started and ended our 3 days meeting became squeezed into 2 days and we had a day off.
A good opportunity to make a daytrip to Jerusalem… Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 7 Displayed 7 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Sadik Deger SadikD Sadik Deger Joined October 19th 2011From lives in VlaardingenNetherlandsLanguages Dutch English German Turkish and FrenchProfession Engineer...
full info Joined May 23rd 2017 Trips 8 Last Login February 4th 2020 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 1 Blogs 44 Guestbook 4 Photos 1023 Forum Posts 0 blog=976164 blogger=370429 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=976164 blogger=370429 Advertisement Tel Aviv Tel Aviv Tel Aviv Tel Aviv Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Tel Aviv District » Tel Aviv » Blogs » The flight and security checks...
and Te Tot 1.93s Tpl 0.111s cc 10 qc 49 dbt 0.0726s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Sadik Deger SadikD - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2891 ttl 3600 left 709 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
