menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chanthaburi » Blogs » Nam Tok Piew National Park and Waterfall Nam Tok Piew National Park and Waterfall « Previous Entry Next Entry » Asian Odyssey and a Trip Down Under Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chanthaburi March 12th 2015 Published March 12th 2015Edit Blog Post Memmory Approaching the National Park After an enjoyable first night in Chanthaburi we woke up to hot sunny day.
The guide book doesnt rate here as a top backpacker destination so no tourist spots are listed never the less we did some research and found that there was a National park situated just outside of the town centre.
We packed our ruck sack and took a taxi to the park.
The taxis in Asia are fairly unconventional and it was more of a pick up truck we sat in the back of but it made for great viewing of the surrounding landscape on the way.
As we approached the park you could start to see its beauty an area with mountains and tree covered hills looked stunning in the sunshine.
We arrived and paid the admission as it was a Saturday it clearly was a popular weekend hot spot for locals and people from further a field Oliver and I did stand out like a saw thumb here being the only westerners in sight.
We began with a hill top trek around the park running through it was a beautiful river where you could go and sit in to cool down or have a pic nick River in the park by.
The hill top path wasnt much of a path at all more of s dusty slope with rocks and trees to negotiate around still this was some good exercise for us.
We saw a variety of brides trees and other wild life while walking.
We came by the river and had a little water break in the river was some big and little fish quite happy to try nibble at your feet felt strange but you can pay for that to be done in England why not do it in a National Park? After the fish had some lunch and we cooled down seriously hot walking sweating buckets we Continued our treck we came across some big rocks heading up the stream and kind of lost the path we were following after some discussion and a bit of a clamber of the rocks it was clear we had got lost with no other alternative we turned back and went the way we came.
The main path leading towards the water fall was far easier to walk up in flip flops than the hilltop walk we first tried makes you wonder why we didnt do that first.
Once we Nature Trail arrived at the waterfall you could see its beauty straight away nestled in the trees and rocks was beautifully clear water running down into a pool where you could go and swim or just have a cool off.
How ever as we got to the side of the waterfall pool I have never seen so many shoals of fish in all my life great big black ones no idea what breed and the locals seemed to be feeding them green beans they went wild for them.
I had a dip in the pool a local passed we a strand of bean and the fish swarmed me it was quite scary at first if I am honest but after I new they werent going to have bite of me I was quite happy to feed them needless to say I still didnt spend to long in there.
the tranquil setting here was definitely a trip worth doing and Ollie and I were pleased we made the decision to come a very pleasant change from the sights of Pattaya or Bangkok.
An hour or so was spent absorbing the tranquillity of Piew and trying to get a tan until we left and Waterfall made our way back to the hostel.
Ollie and I both thoroughly enjoyed our day here and I have some pictures which are worth a look once I have uploaded them.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 19 Displayed 19 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Tom Memmory Memmory Hi this is my first Blog.
Decided to do one for my back packing adventure will learn how to use it and update as I go along on my travels.
...
full info Joined February 25th 2015 Trips 1 Last Login April 20th 2015 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 6 Guestbook 4 Photos 51 Forum Posts 0 blog=876249 blogger=311370 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=876249 blogger=311370 Advertisement Trips Asian Odyssey and a Trip Down Under February 28th 2015 -» ongoing Feeding the fish Waterfall Little Pool Resting Waterfall Fish!! Fish! Beautiful Waterfall Me Little Statue Statue DSC_0209 DSC_0208 DSC_0218 Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Chanthaburi » Blogs » Nam Tok Piew National Park and Waterfall Tot 3.018s Tpl 0.193s cc 11 qc 51 dbt 0.0475s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Tom Memmory Memmory - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306044 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
