menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Valencian Community » Alicante » Pilar De La Horadada » Blogs » Week 7 and 8 Torrevieja Pilar de Horada Week 7 and 8 Torrevieja Pilar de Horadada and Cartagena « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » Spain » Valencian Community » Alicante » Pilar De La Horadada November 24th 2013 Published November 24th 2013Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 Advenus Torrevieja We visited the towns south of Alicante Torrevieja Pilar de Horadada and Cartagena.
Until 1802 Torrevieja existed only as an ancient guard tower which gave the town its name Torre Vieja Spanish means Old Tower and some labourers cottages.
The town is known for its salt production.
Although by the dawn of the 20th century a quarter of all the salt harvested from the lagoon in Torrevieja was sold in Spain itself and the rest exported was to foreign markets.
Today it is still an important industry in Torrevieja and a major employer.
There is a Museum of Sea and Salt.
The population is approx 50% spanish approx 25 % other european.
We stayed one night at the harbour and walked the quiet streets in the evening not much happening in mid november.
The town looked like all the elderly in Europe was living here for the winter.
Pilar de la Horadada is a town and district in the Province of Alicante in the southeast of Spain.
Located 66 km south of Alicante the city is the southernmost of the Valencian Community only 1 km north of the regional border.
The town is the southernmost town Torrevieja....
of the Alicante provins.
In Pilar de Horadada there have been built two huge tourist villages between the main road and the sea.
Both was almost completely empty Mil Palmeras and Torredo del Horadada.
The closed restaurants had signs saying they were opening on 2 of april 2014.
We found the peace and and took the week as a holiday.
On the 16 of november we woke up to +7 C and a strong northern cold wind.
We packed and headed north again to the protective mountains north of Alfaz del Pi Albir and Benidorm.
On the mountain tops we could see snow in Madrid the same night the temperature was down to 0C.
The temperature riced quicky to +23C and we could calm down.
The cold wind we experienced in the south of Torrevieja was diverted away by the high mountains and we continued enjoying warm weather.
However our plan is to go further south and we had a fantastic day and evening with good friends in Torrevieja.
Actually we are getting better and better on 8 hours + lunches.
Nothing can beat a good conversation with friend you havent seen for many years.
The Benidorm week ended in Cartagena.
We enjoyed a nice sightseeing with in the Roman theater Museum in Cartagena.
In the harbour we met other Norwegians in their sailboat.
A one year trip from Trondheim to the med and back.
I guess they are going to extend their tour.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 25 Displayed 23 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 2 Message Advenus Advenus We set up a plan in summer 2012.
Sell our house in Oslo buy a motorhome and travel.
Travelling by motorhome in Europe and north Africa.
We are a couple age 60 and 51 at the time of start.
We are norwegians and lived most of our lives in Oslo.
With short breaks in Spain.
This tour is going to take as long as it takes.
The only thing we can buy that make us richer is travel.
The world is like a book if you dont travel you are reading the same page all the time.
...
full info Joined October 4th 2013 Trips 0 Last Login February 9th 2015 Followers 2 Status BLOGGER Follows 1 Blogs 16 Guestbook 25 Photos 551 Forum Posts 0 blog=815127 blogger=275851 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=815127 blogger=275851 Advertisement Empty streets in Torre de Horadada The brandy is still filled in half empty glasses The sun is still hot in november Clean bedclothing Snow on the mountains Costa Blanca Snow in november Lo Monte Evening view of the camp....
Benidorm Playa Levante Torrevieja A hug on the beach promenad Torre de Horadada empty streets....
Snow in november Costa Blanca Look out for Canadas Torre del Horadada harbour Guide i Torrevieja On the road Driving away....
The next roundabout....
Back on track...
View 22/11/13 A new view every day....
Gran Hotel Cartagena Roma Theather Cartagena Roman Theather Museum Built 200 BC La Mata beach Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Valencian Community » Alicante » Pilar De La Horadada » Blogs » Week 7 and 8 Torrevieja Pilar de Horada Tot 3.03s Tpl 0.024s cc 13 qc 55 dbt 0.1239s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Advenus Advenus - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 903 ttl 3600 left 2697 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
