menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Fujairah » Blogs » Geologists Rock! Geologists Rock! « Previous Entry Next Entry » A Bot in Dubai Advertisement Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Fujairah September 10th 2012 Published September 10th 2012Edit Blog Post lexispence10 Olive Garden we saw this advertised up the road and he thought it was the real deal doesnt look like it...
maybe...
This morning I met Matt a doctor of geology or Rock Doc if you will before heading out to my favorite road cut in Khor Fakkan.
I was looking forward to this because I love site visits and rocks and I was looking forward to learning about geology in general from a former geology professor.
I hadnt been this heavily involved in Geology since college and I miss it.
It is starting to come back to me but it will definitely take lots of practice and research.
fortunately dork that I am I enjoy reading about geology.
We actually missed our freeway exit and since this is the UAE there was no place to easily turn around so by the time we found the next exit we decided to take the scenic route - back roads.
It was pretty cool no camels but there were lots of goats crossing our way and a bunch of tiny little towns.
We arrived at the engineering trailer onsite and as always he invites us sit down and chat with him - he is very friendly and I think he enjoys the company.
He gave me turkish coffee which is my second time inside Al Meshwar restaurant - and I wound up having two more during the day.
I never drink coffee but I like it! We discussed the road cut and went out with a couple of other engineers to discuss safety measures for potential falling rocks in the problem areas.
We returned to the trailer chatted more than Matt and I headed back to the newest cut for photos.
Being the hardcore professional geologist that he is of course we hiked up and down and across the cuts in 100+ degree heat.
I havent sweated this much since soccer last week! Did I talk about the soccer game??? Tomorrows blog!.
It was pretty neat though.
Matt was seemed to be having a great time performing experiments by tossing rocks down the cut and seeing if and where they landed in the road.
A few did but would have been diverted with a k-rail so thats good.
In the meantime our favorite engineer had ordered us lunch and after about two hours of this hike we returned to the trailer around 3pm hot sweaty dirty and bright red yes I wore sunblock - always have always will.
I like my white skin.
He had ordered a rare photo of ME in front of Al Meshwar restaurant us lamb kebabs and I dont know if it was because I was famished or they just were that good but they were YUM.
Tender juicy seasoned and grilled to perfection.
Between this meal and the brunch I have set aside my prejudices and decided lamb is good.
After lunch we returned to the second cut which is higher and steeper.
I didnt think we were going up so I was just holding my camera in my hand and it got a little dusty I feverishly cleaned it later!!!.
But up we went.
To the top.
The benches in this cut were not nearly as wide and were full of gravels making it a little more treacherous Fugroians and Dad - please ignore!.
We didnt purposely toss rocks over the side as there were workers at this time but there were a few little rock falls.
Fortunately the benches work and none landed on the streets.
Yay! Matt is only in town for two days so he wants to get a lot accomplished during that time.
I knew today was going to be long but I was soooo ready to get to our hotel.
We made a pass typical Emirati homes by a resort hotel nearby that were also drilling but our tiny little car would never make it up the off roading adventure trails see August 7th blog.
Then we tried to get to a beach area for some geology question he was curious about but we couldnt get through a highly secure area.
Eventually we headed to our hotel in Fujairah.
Oh my god the hotel is AMAZING.
Nour Arjaan by Rotana - highly highly recommend it especially for long term stays.
I have my own little kitchen staff is very friendly and my bed is so comfy! We headed out for dinner after MUCH MUCH needed showers and wound up at this place called Al Meshwar Restaurant and Cafeteria.
Very nice pretty fancy but I liked it.
The downstairs is a cafe where they sell desserts and small ala carte items along with sheesha lounging.
Upstairs is the restaurant with a pleasant little water fountain in the middle.
Food was good and decently priced but not very vegetarian friendly.
After the lamb today I was looking for something light - the best I could find was steak with steamed veggies and mashed potatoes - not kidding.
It Matts rental Sparky! was pretty good though.
Now I am back in my cozy little bed watching CSI and telling you good night! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 23 Displayed 23 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 23 Message Alexis M Spencer lexispence10 I was an engineer on a long term assignment first in Dubai and then in Qatar.
During this time I took advantage of my nice paycheck and proximity to other places to start seeing the world.
After three years I decided to take a much earned break and traveled for a year.
After working about two years in New York State I am on my way back to Dubai....
full info Joined May 6th 2012 Trips 5 Last Login June 15th 2020 Followers 23 Status BLOGGER Follows 18 Blogs 314 Guestbook 557 Photos 5512 Forum Posts 6 blog=742203 blogger=238916 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=742203 blogger=238916 Advertisement Brief history of United Arab Emirates ...more history Trips A Bot in Dubai May 30th 2012 -» October 22nd 2012 A Bot in Qatar October 23rd 2012 -» June 30th 2015 Funemployment July 1st 2015 -» July 18th 2016 Hometown adventures July 19th 2016 -» May 22nd 2018 Back to the Middle East May 23rd 2018 -» ongoing tiny little car but cute pretty roomy inside Extended stay perfection my awesome room Rotana Rotana - I love you Rotana view of the the mosque being constructed tossing rocks we call it experimentation view of Fujairah rock cut toward port red cowboy hat he wanted me to take a picture of him  shanty little neighborhood lots of green though! another shanty little town on the wrong side of the road cut nice gardens all the greenery of Khor Fakkan yes we climbed to the top yes we walked along this ledge Do not show to Dad! typical Emirati homes 10th September 2012 Romsa non-member comment Great pictures! Hello Pookie Thanks for sharing the photos.
It looks like you had a very interesting trip.
16th September 2012 Dana non-member comment Looks fun! Hey Lexi glad youre getting to do geology things!! Looks really fun I wanna come visit you I am keeping my eyes peeled for tix that arent ridonculously expensive...
I dont have high hopes but I am looking anyway! 27th September 2012 lexispence10 Alexis M Spencer Visit!  I would love to have you come visit.
I could put a little money towards the ticket if necessary.
Once here things are pretty inexpensive plus a free place to stay!  18th September 2012 Amber non-member comment Im behind...
I know Im bad...But it looks like you are having a grand adventure! And of course now youre in Italy I think! Im so happy youre finally out of Malibu even though you enjoyed the people and all and doing what you wanted to do from the get-go!  Maybe one day Ill be so lucky...
22nd September 2012 Steve non-member comment I miss your blogs! Whats going on? You havent posted in a while! Is it because we all now know that you answer to Pookie? 23rd September 2012 lexispence10 Alexis M Spencer Thanks for the comments! Thanks everyone! And Steve - I fell out laughing.
 Im behind on my blogs but I will have my Italy blogs updated shortly.
We did so much I will probably have a separate blog for each day so it will take some time.
Fortunately I took notes! Travel Blog » Middle East » United Arab Emirates » Fujairah » Blogs » Geologists Rock! Tot 2.705s Tpl 0.049s cc 23 qc 116 dbt 0.098s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.6mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Alexis M Spencer lexispence10 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
