menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Anjo » Blogs » Dancing in Japan Dancing in Japan « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aichi » Anjo October 1st 2007 Published October 1st 2007Edit Blog Post Lanz Harajuku craziness Do you ever just turn up the volume of one of your favourite songs and dance like a crazy person alone? I do its really refreshing and up-lifting.
Sometimes I have days where I feel alone and really miss everyone back home but Ive found that a good dance session really makes me see clearly...I mean I have a dream travel the world and to start this travel off with living in Japan for a time and here I am living my dream dancing uncontrollably for some reason always puts this into perspective for me.
So I know its been forever and a day since I last updated my blog...what can I say apart from Ive been busy...living.
My 6 month anniversary of being an Aeon teacher is believe it or not next week and its just turned into October...why does the time go so fast when youre overseas and nowhere near as fast at home? Japan is still living up to my very high expectations and managing to surprise me with new experiences and interesting stories all the time...god I love this country.
I would be a lot happier if it actually started to cool down and become the Harajuku shopping street season that it is supposed to be they call this Autumn??? It still feels like the middle of summer some days...please some reprieve from the stickyness...thats all I ask.
I know Ill probably be asking for the sun as soon as it gets cold...thats the way life goes though huh? Ive taken a few trips in the last few months my first one was to Tokyo with Lauren and Kyle.
We only went for the weekend but its nice just to get away even if its just a couple of days.
One of the highlights was heading to Harajuku where all the young people dress crazily although I have seen it before it always changes and being amused by this middle aged man dancing and singing all by himself to Superstition- hilarious at least I do it in the privacy of my apartment!!.
In August I met up with Bianca and Richard in Kyoto for a day and did some sightseeing Kyoto always amazes me cos no matter how many times I go there this was my 3rd there are always more things to see and do- in fact Im heading there again next weekend with some students Kels and I Kegon Falls and co-workers for another day.
It has to be one of my favourite cities in Japan.
A week later my little sis came to visit for my summer holidays it was so great to have Kelsey here.
We spent some time in Osaka and Nagoya with Bianca and Richard before they flew back home and then went travelling for a week.
Its amazing how close you can become with a little sister who you used to fight so much with...my Mum always said You just wait as soon as you two dont live together anymore youll be great friends and miss each others company I thought this was ridiculous of course and always replied Are you serious? I hate her.
But as I have found out on a number of occassions over the last few years Mums do usually know best.
We had so much fun together and not once were we at a loss of things to talk about or laugh about.
We headed to Nikko for a couple of days first and went and saw the temples and shrines around the area and also Chuzenji lake and Kegon Falls some of the natural sights.
It really is Soooo excited! a gorgeous place I have no idea why its taken me so long to get there but Im glad I finally did.
We also went to Tokyo for a few days...possibly the hottest and most uncomfortable Ive been in my entire life seriously!!! Now I understand why the locals head out of the city in the summer! As Kelsey said just walking down the street was like walking through a hot bath...hot and sweaty yuck! Nevertheless we still managed to have a fantastic time.
We did an obscene amount of shopping but we also managed to get to Disneyland one day which was UNREAL!! Packed with people like you wouldnt believe and an unforgiving sun the whole day long but still an unbelievable experience.
You see for me going to Disneyland was like a dream...living in Australia there is no Disneyland so for someone to make it to one they had to go on an overseas holiday and hence have enough money for a family trip like that.
I always envied the kids who went...and literally dreamed about it.
When Kelsey suggested we go I was like what...we can just decide the day before and go? Just like Surfin Mt Fuji that? We met up with Lauren and her sister who was visiting in Tokyo too and had a very drunk but great girls night out in Roppongi a district of Tokyo.
How I wish there were bars like that in Nagoya!! It was wierd to take my little sister out drinking I cant believe shes 18!!! My next trip has to be the most memorable of all!! I climbed Mt Fuji!!!!! It was sort of a last minute thing one of my students decided to get a group of people together to climb as the end of the climbing season was fast approaching and so a couple of weeks later it was all organized and we were heading to the tallest mountain in Japan to scale its heights.
It was one of the best experiences I have ever had...and I was worried cos Id heard horror stories about people getting really bad altitude sickness or just not thinking it was worth it and of course I hadnt gotten my body ready for a climb like that at all!! But I surprised myself believe me it was tough especially the last couple of stations when you had to push The start of the climb your body and mind forward with every step...but I did it! I now understand the expression I felt like I was on top of the world the adrenaline running through me at the top was unbelievable.
We decided to climb during the day as we had to make the drive from Nagoya which was a couple of hours so we knew we wouldnt make it for a night climb to see the sunrise from the top.
We left Nagoya at midnight and started climbing at sunrise and 8 hours later we reached the top...mind you we did stop and rest at all the stations for a while.
It also meant that the sky was a brialliant blue when we reached the summit.
So yeah I strongly recommend it if anyone ever wants to do it.
The only other small trip I took was to Takayama with Lauren and her student Kazue...its a couple of hours away but a beautiful place.
Very old-style traditional Japan.
We went to a folk style village and also a museum where they put these big floats on display that they use for a big festival they have in Takayama.
A great day out.
Lauren and I Takayama Teaching is becoming more natural for me Im still having a great time and really enjoy my classes.
I got a new foreign teacher co-worker Doug.
Hes pretty cool luckily we have a great friendship so work really is just a whole lot of fun and laughter.
Of course its still work so there are days when I dont want to go or just dont have the energy to dance and prance around the classroom with my very energetic 6 year old boys but at least Im not sitting at a desk all day looking at a computer screen.
Actually one of the best things about my job is that every day is different.
Always teaching but never the same topics and believe me the students are always coming up with different things to talk about.
The relationships that Ive got so far out of this job has to be the highlight...socialising with my co-workers and students is great! From climbing Mt Fuji trips to Kyoto going to see a sumo match traditional concerts in the grounds of Nishio castle taking a tour of the Toyota factory to going out drinking its all so much fun.
Especially those nights when Out with students all you plan to do is go have dinner and it ends up being so much fun you miss the last train home and spend the night sleeping over at a students house talking til 6am and then getting up a few hours later to go home.
Anyway thats all for now...I have to go...I feel the urge to dance uncontrollably to very loud music!! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 22 Displayed 22 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Lanz Lanz I moved around a lot when I was growing up and my guess is that this is at least one of the reasons why I love to travel and always seem to be dreaming about it.
I spent a life-changing year in Japan when I was at university and this only added to my wanderlust.
I ended up back in Japan after graduating as I obviously wasnt quite finished with the country and from there well Ill let you read what happened next.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Live the life you have imagined -Henry David Thoreau ...
full info Joined March 11th 2007 Trips 0 Last Login July 9th 2012 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 53 Guestbook 10 Photos 560 Forum Posts 5 blog=207269 blogger=33990 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=207269 blogger=33990 Advertisement Brief history of Japan In 1603 a Tokugawa shogunate military dictatorship ushered in a long period of isolation from foreign influence in order to secure its power.
For 250 years this policy enabled Japan to enjoy stability and a flowering of its indigenous culture.
Fol...more history Chuzenji lake Nikko Toshogu gate Nikko Kels and I Nikko Three monkeys Nikko Disney castle Girls night out Kelsey me Selina and Lauren On top of the world The end of the climb!! Lauren and I Takayama Folk village Takayama museum float All dressed up and nowhere to go Takayama museum Erins farewell Going to the sumo A sumo day out Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Anjo » Blogs » Dancing in Japan Tot 3.076s Tpl 0.043s cc 8 qc 51 dbt 0.0432s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Lanz Lanz - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 915 ttl 3600 left 2685 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
