menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops » Blogs » An Oz experience An Oz experience « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops February 5th 2006 Published February 5th 2006Edit Blog Post atm2005 Right then i left Sydney on the Oz experience bus a small bus that is designed for backpackers travelling Australia.
It goes all the way up the coast but i was only booked on it until Byron Bay just south of the New South Wales-Queensland border which meant three days.
In addition to be transported up the coast and securing accommodation the Oz experience also organises activities for backpackers to do.
On this occasion the main focus for 2 of the three days anyway was surfing.
The other day was based at a retreat in Barrington a place that truly was in the middle of nowhere.
Recent events had left me not in the right frame of mind by the time the tour started but by the time we reached Barrington i felt better and began to socialise more with the other people on the bus.
Unfortunately many of them were extremely immature and this would prove to be something of a problem as time went on.
The retreat was basically just a few log cabins in the middle of a vast expanse of hills fields and rivers.
Activities available included Night Rafting exactly what it sounds like something i decided not to do but a fair few did.
The food was an endless supply of Pizzas which from a taste point of view were awesome though obviously not from a health point of view.
The room that i was in was a bizzare one it was the most cramped confined space i have ever stayed in it wasd a rom for six people with 2 triple decker bunk beds that barely fitted inside the room.
Anyone suffering from claustrophobia would have no chance.
That night one of the men who worked there took some of the party including me out for a walk to see some kangaroos we saw a fair few and this was my first ever sighting of kangaroos unless you count the meal i had a over a week ago.
The next morning the bus set off from Barrington bound for Crescent head where we were to be based at a surf camp where the idea is that one learns to surf.
I went out there but frankly was pretty terrible at surfing i still havnt been able to stand up and i think i will need a lot of lessons to ever reach that point.
Still its something i would love to learn so maybe another time.
Again the food was well tasty that evening.
The mosty memorable but perhaps least pleasant event of the tour occurred later that night when one particularly immature member of the party who had clearly had way too much to drink ran amok in the dorm with some shaving cream spraying it everywhere.
I was pretending to be asleep so as to avoid this crap and this guy sprayed a load of shaving cream all over my crotch you probably think i am joking but Im not I didnt say anything and just looked him in the eye.
But the next day i confronted him and to be honest used a lot of bad words F@#@ etc to express my disapproval towards his actions.
Though to be honest i wasnt really that bothered I dont really get angry at people I was saying these things for the sake of it.
He responded with annoyance but who cares anyway.
I think we all know who the mature person is here.
The next day i chose not to participate in the surfing for a combination of a few reasons including the fact that i could not really do it and the bus moved its way into Byron Bay in the evening.
Well then people say that the Oz Experience is similar to club 18-30 Ive never been on a club 18-30 but i reckon the people who say this are probably right « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message andrew mcgurn atm2005 test...
full info blog=39465 blogger=6078 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops » Blogs » An Oz experience Tot 2.616s Tpl 0.017s cc 7 qc 43 dbt 0.027s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact andrew mcgurn atm2005 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 903 ttl 3600 left 2697 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
