menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama » Blogs » Learning Japanese tea etiquette Learning Japanese tea etiquette « Previous Entry Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama June 7th 2012 Published June 26th 2012Edit Blog Post GeorgeandKat Closed down shops in Inuyama Some consolation this morning.
After checking at the bus station our lost hotel key was succesfully located at another bus station.
Within 45 minutes it was returned to us and we gratefully received a refund of our £100 fine.
An example of the time being meticulously noted in Japan the bus returning out key was running 2 minutes late and a note was left to inform me! After the key delay we set off for Inuyama in the sunshine.
We ate the remains of our bargain dinner for lunch Id discovered reduced stickers at the supermarket and discovered the two items we thought to be pork escalopes were potato! Inuyama had a worn feel to it.
There were a number of closed shops and tired looking buildings.
It had similar wooden building to Tsumago and Magome.
A kind gesture shown to us today was a gentleman relieving me of our rubbish bag as I stood baffled by the numerous categories for recycling.
The town has two National Treasures an original castle and an old tea house.
The castle on the hill was dainty.
It is the oldest castle remaining in Japan.
We had a friendly volunteer guide though More traditional housing some of her information was a little suspect and George knew more than her about some parts of the castle! The beams inside have been chiseled by adze and are huge The floorboards are also rather large the stairs steep and the views from the top panaoramic.
We could see across to the enemy at Gifu castle.
The second national treasure of the day was the tea house.
Set in a mossy woodland garden  within 3 minutes of us starting the walk another enthusisastic volunteer found us and our tour began.
I paid an extra £5 for a tea serving which George baulked at! What I learned 1 – eat a sweet bean swirl 2 – receive tea bowl with picture facing toward me 3 – pick up bowl in both hands 4 – turn clockwise 180 to face picture outward 5 – drink tea in three slurps 6 – wipe rim of bowl with thumb and index finger 7 – compliment the tea hostss upon collection It was all very precise and makes us English tea drinkers appear slobbish with only the perked up little finger to Random performance remember! Now were on the train to Takayama.
The railway is snaking through a stunning forested valley.
A river is running through carving a craggy gorge with huge boulders.
Its an amazing commute for all the office workers on the train with us compared to Godalming to Waterloo.
I guess the beauty has worn off though as most people are asleep or tapping on their Android phones! « Previous Entry Additional photos below Photos 17 Displayed 17 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message George Leach GeorgeandKat Were a recently married couple off on an adventure.
Weve just finished a cycle tour through Malaysia Thailand Cambodia Vietnam and Laos.
Now were backpacking through Japan Borneo and New Zealand.
...
full info Joined October 10th 2011 Trips 0 Last Login June 29th 2012 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 35 Guestbook 27 Photos 693 Forum Posts 0 blog=725943 blogger=219936 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=725943 blogger=219936 Advertisement Huge beams View from the castle Another view! Kathryn on the roof top Edo to Meji reign The Leachs at the at Inuyama castle Water hole cover Traditional garden Preparing for tea Outside National Treasure Learning the right way to drink tea Slurping Cool bamboo Our room at J hoppers in Takayama Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Inuyama » Blogs » Learning Japanese tea etiquette Tot 3.2s Tpl 0.101s cc 6 qc 45 dbt 0.1708s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact George Leach GeorgeandKat - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
