menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Qatar » Doha » Blogs » Qatar United Arab Emirates 2/2020 Qatar United Arab Emirates 2/2020 « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Middle East » Qatar » Doha February 15th 2020 Published March 27th 2020Edit Blog Post Kathy Bernie Doha Skyline Modern skyline with old pearl diving boats now used for tourists in front.
YOU CAN CLICK ON ANY PHOTO TO ENLARGE IT - RECOMMENDED - THEN GO BACK TO THE BLOG OR GO THROUGH THE 24 PHOTOS - CLICK ON NEXT OR PREVIOUS IN THAT ENLARGED FORMAT.
I PUT LOTS OF INFORMATION IN THE PHOTO CAPTIONS SO YOU CAN SKIP THE NARRATIVE JUST LOOK AT THE ENLARGED PHOTOS AND CAPTIONS AND YOULL STILL GET MORE INFORMATION THAN YOU EVER WANTED.
TO RETURN TO THE BLOG ENTRY CLICK YOUR BACK BUTTON OR ON THE NAME OF THE BLOG - BELOW THE NUMBERS ON THE LEFT.
As you have probably figured out these travel blogs are a way for Bernard and me to keep track of our adventures.
I cant tell you how many times weve referred back to one of our over 70 travel blogs looking for various details maps dates etc.
That said feel free to enjoy the photos and just skim or ignore the text.
February 15 - 20 Doha Qatar As is our wont whenever possible to add a place weve not been to our itinerary we stopped for five days in Qatar on our way to the Jean-Pictet International Humanitarian Law competition in Denpasar Bali Indonesia.
Souq Waqif Doha A must when in Doha the Souq Waqif which comes alive at night We stayed at a super nice hotel very near all the places we wanted to **visit and had a fabulous visit.
Taxis were readily available and very reasonable so we didnt rent a car.
For our countryside excursion we hired a car and driver - very reasonable and well worth it.
**Qatar Islamic Art Museum National Museum of Qatar various architectural treasures like mosques cultural centers government buildings Waqif Souq.
The weather in Doha in February was delightful - sunny and dry with warm days and cool nights.
You could wear summer clothing had to be modest during the days but a jacket at night was welcome.
Although there is no dress code as such for foreigners it is better to wear modest clothes and conservative clothing is recommended.
This implies no shorts for men and no mini-skirts or tank tops for women.
Foreign visitors are expected to dress in a style that is sensitive to Islamic culture.
Local women wore chador and we saw some with niqab but expat workers and foreigners just dressed modestly.
Qatar is a very safe country to travel in.
Its Entrance to restaurant in souq crime rates are low including violent crimes that are extremely rare especially towards foreigners.
Background & History A country of eastern Arabia on a peninsula in the southwest Persian Gulf Qatar is a traditional monarchy.
It was a British protectorate from 1916 until 1971 when it became independent.
Oil was first produced commercially in 1949 and its production still dominates Qatars economy.
In early 2017 Qatars total population was 2.6 million 313000 Qatari citizens and **2.3 million expatriates.
Islam is the official religion of Qatar.
The country has the highest per capita income in the world.
Qatar is classified by the UN as a country of very high human development and is widely regarded as the most advanced Arab state for human development.
Qatar is a high-income economy backed by the worlds third-largest natural gas and oil reserves.
**Seems that ALL the workers in Qatar were from somewhere else Indians being the biggest ex-pat population but we met workers from the Philippines Bangladesh Pakistan Egypt Macedonia and Kenya.
In fact our total interaction with the locals was with expatriate workers.
Qatar has amassed a sovereign wealth Qatar Natl Museum of Islamic Art Most of the modern buildings in Doha were built in the last 10 years such as this museum fund of $170 billion thanks to revenues from oil and natural gas.
It has begun to invest it like a hedge fund.
In 2006 Qatar passed Indonesia to become the largest exporter of liquid natural gas in the world with revenues from oil and natural gas amounting to 60%!oMISSINGf Qatars GDP.
Qatar has been ruled by the House of Thani since Mohammed bin Thani signed a treaty with the British in 1868 that recognized its separate status.
Following Ottoman rule Qatar became a British protectorate in the early 20th century until gaining independence in 1971.
In 2003 the constitution was overwhelmingly approved in a referendum with almost 98%!iMISSINGn favor.
In the 21st century Qatar emerged as a significant power in the Arab world both through its globally expanding media group Al Jazeera Media Network and reportedly supporting several rebel groups financially during the Arab Spring.
For its size Qatar wields disproportionate influence in the world and has been identified as a middle power.
Qatar is currently the subject of a diplomatic and economic embargo by Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates UAE Bahrain and Egypt which began in June 2017.
Saudi Arabia Idam Restaurant in Natl Museum of Islamic Art We happened upon the this French Restaurant at the Museum of Islamic Art owned by the Emirs sister and what an experience we had 5 starters in addition to soup salad a trolly of amazing breads a main and 2 desserts.
We were taken into meet the chef he was a young Frenchman and adorable and see the kitchen.
We didnt have dinner that night needless to say.
has proposed the construction of the Salwa Canal which would run along the Saudi-Qatar border effectively turning Qatar into an island.
A big reason for the embargo is that Qatar shares a good relation with Iran.
Both countries own the South Pars/North Dome Gas-Condensate field the worlds largest gas field having a big influence in the Irani-Qatari relation.
Saudi Arabia is at odds with Al Jazeera for their anti-Saudi reporting.
Because of the embargo Qatar has started developing its own industries farms etc.
For example they had no diary farms until the embargo but now produce enough dairy products for the entire country.
The Qatari people are very proud of what theyve accomplished and we heard several voice the opinion that the embargo was a good thing - making them more self-reliant.
During our countryside excursion we saw many new farms arising from the desert thanks to irrigation from desalinized ocean water.
Our five days in Qatar were wonderful busy and extremely interesting.
We highly recommend a visit if you are in the area or if like us you can fly through Doha AMAZING airport not unlike in Dubai and just UNESCO Site The walled coastal town of Al Zubarah in the Persian Gulf flourished as a pearling and trading centre in the late 18th century and early 19th centuries before it was destroyed in 1811 and abandoned in the early 1900s.
A layer of sand blown from the desert has protected the remains of the site’s palaces mosques streets courtyard houses and fishermen’s huts its harbour and double defensive walls a canal walls and cemeteries.
Excavation has only taken place over a small part of the site.
stay a few days.
DONT FORGET TO LOOK AT THE PHOTOS TOTAL of 24 BELOW VERY BOTTOM BELOW THE AD OUR PROFILE THE BLOG OPTIONS NORTH AMERICA TRAVELBLOG AWARDS TOP PHOTOS - YES RIDICULOUS!! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 24 Displayed 24 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 6 Message Kathy & Bernie Dougherty Kathy Bernie February 2020.
We are still in Tucson Arizona well often anyway.
We continue our wanderings and enjoying our adventures.
We havent lived outside the US in awhile but have lived in Guatemala Ecuador the Netherlands twice Germany twice and South Africa.
We have now traveled to well over 100 countries but that doesnt mean we plan on stopping any time soon.
...
full info Joined October 27th 2006 Trips 0 Last Login June 10th 2020 Followers 6 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 76 Guestbook 152 Photos 2947 Forum Posts 5 blog=1049509 blogger=25374 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=1049509 blogger=25374 Advertisement Brief history of Qatar Ruled by the Al Thani family since the mid-1800s Qatar transformed itself from a poor British protectorate noted mainly for pearling into an independent state with significant oil and natural gas revenues.
During the late 1980s and early 1990s the ...more history Ancient Tiles in Islamic Art Museum.
Ancient Example of calligraphy Islamic Art Museum National Museum of Qatar.
Natl Museum of Qatar in the shape of a Desert Rose crystal formation.
Opened in 2019 and just amazing.
Started with ancient natural history and ended with modern Doha.
Natl Museum QatarI I think every wall was a screen.
This display is showing ancient pearl diving equipment.
The big rock with a hold was an anchor.
Art Gallery in Souq Jewelry Section of Souq Entrance to restaurant in souq Lamp Shop in Souq Fabric Shop in Souq Doha Cultural Center Parliament Bldg.
Parliament Bldg.
well really the Emirs office as they dont truly have a Parliament Fishing Boats Visit to the Countryside - fishing boats Countryside tour Beach house Now THATS a beach house - really a second home for Doha resident Countryside Outing Our guide Nofal and B on the beach Countryside Mosque Abandoned mosque Abandoned Pearl Diving Village Abandoned pearl diving village.
When Japan introduced cultured pearls the livelihood of the Qatar pearl divers was decimated Abandoned Pearl Diving Village UNESCO Site Visitors Center Built to look like a fort it was really a coast guard station and now is the visitors center for the Al Zubarah UNESCO site 27th March 2020 Beth Morgan non-member comment Wonderful! Great to have your blog again! The history and information reminds me of Bahrain and Oman where I had the privilege to visit in 2012.
The Middle East is beautiful and exotic.
So very different from US in culture but similar in people’s lives and dreams and expectations.
Thanks Berh 28th March 2020 Pat Mitchell non-member comment The pictures Kathy the pictures are absolutely stunning.
Yes you deserve a lot of credit but the subject matter in the pictures was amazing.
Obviously I know almost nothing about Qatar but I learning as I read.
Thank you for inviting me to view your info and pictures!! 28th March 2020 Sra Sare Jill Sare Loved the Desert Rose Museum! Glad you are back home in your cozy Tucson abode with new floor tiles! Hope you are well and staying safe as we all walk through this most surreal chapter of humanity! 28th March 2020 Mark Epstein non-member comment Fabulous Great to see you are still up to your old tricks.
Stay healthy...
29th March 2020 Dancing Dave David Hooper Doha Skyline Truly spectacular pic...one for the ages! Travel Blog » Middle East » Qatar » Doha » Blogs » Qatar United Arab Emirates 2/2020 Tot 3.453s Tpl 0.038s cc 25 qc 109 dbt 0.1013s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.7mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Kathy & Bernie Dougherty Kathy Bernie - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 906 ttl 3600 left 2694 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
