menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Ampawa Â» Blogs Â» Day 3 & 4 - Amphawa ...
Bangkok ...
Sing Day 3 & 4 - Amphawa ...
Bangkok ...
Singapore Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Bangkok Repose Advertisement Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Ampawa January 7th 2013 Published May 6th 2013Edit Blog Post Jaunty Jul Temple - Giving AlmsAmphawa It had been quite some time since I woke up at 6am in the morning.
We were supposed to be giving alms to the monks who will be rowing down the river.
It was a beautiful and peaceful morning.
However the 2 of us were too sleepy to notice much.
I just merely let my fingers do the clicking.
As it was a Monday morning Amphawa felt very much like a dead town.
No shops or anything was open.
They were mainly for the locals and they are only open from Friday - Sunday afternoons.
For those who like the crowds you might want to check out the other floating markets such as Damnoen Saduak Floating Market Taling Chan Floating Market Tha Kha Floating Market etc...
There are several other homestay around Amphawa as well.
I chose Baanrak Amphawa as I had wanted something that is really like a homestay and not a hostel or motel.
The breakfast that they served us as we were waiting was their local delicacy - simple porridge something simple and nice.
Simply love it! The fruit platter was amazing too.
Hee ð?˜? For those who are on a tighter budget Baanrak Amphawa Breakfast you might want to try their neighbour instead - Baan Mae Arom.
We were fortunate to meet them on our fireflies boat tour.
The owner is a thai with Chinese descent hence he is able to converse in both halting English and fluent Chinese.
We had a great time and I look forward to going back there soon for another round of relaxing holiday.
But we will have to ensure that we get to experience the weekend floating market too! Ha! Back to Bangkok - for more SHOPPING!! We decided to head back to Bangkok for lunch as most of the stores in Amphawa were closed and there wasnt anything for us to do.
Unfortunately we didnt know our way and we had a little communication problem.
We didnt managed to take the same van company back.
Fortunately we had not gotten our return tickets thus we were open to any changes in plans.
Anyway we ended up following a local who was going back to Bangkok.
We were lucky enough to get back to Bangkok safe and sound.
There were several changes of transport - from open van to van but we still managed to get back Map of Siam Sky Walkway to victory monuments.
We tried to follow the locals as the place they had dropped us was a little complicated.
After which we took the BTS back to Rachathewi and headed over to Platinum Fashion Mall for more shopping.
Im not a good shopper so we limited ourselves to 3 hrs max at the shopping mall and we headed off to find dinner.
As I was hunting for a particular medicine my poor friend ended up with a backache.
The only thing we got out of the long walks was the learning of the hotels and the covered walkway under the BTS station of Siam and Chit Lom.
it was difficult finding the medicine I wanted.
Back home.......
As the last leg of the trip was a little rush I didnt managed to check out my buys till I got back to Singapore.
My cat was extremely jealous of my buys and he displayed his dissatisfaction by messing them up.
Ha.
I bet he missed me as much as I missed him on this trip.
I realized that I got several small items such as hair accessories from Platinum Shopping Mall and bags from Jealous Ling Ling Naraya there is an outlet at Asia Hotel as compared to clothings on this trip.
Nevertheless this was the first relaxing trip I had in years.
I was very grateful to this friend who took time off from work to accompany me on this fun and adventurous Amphawa try-out.
Hope you guys find the information here useful in your planning for your trip to Amphawa Bangkok.
Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 12 Message Juli Lek Jaunty Jul About me JauntyJul is actually a compilation of couple of words = Jaunt + Aunty + Julianne This Aunty Julianne is taking time to enjoy the things she loves most - travelling eating photography and diving.
So Aunty Julianne is now having a lot of short and fun trips jaunt until she is able to afford to quit her job to start travelling on a long term basis.
Till then here are some of her travelling adventures.
Enjoy ^_^ ~~~~~~ How this travelling bug bit her I had been lost in transition for quite some time.
In Oct 2012 things started to unveil itself i...
full info Joined May 2nd 2013 Trips 5 Last Login September 30th 2019 Followers 12 Status BLOGGER Follows 48 Blogs 22 Guestbook 32 Photos 174 Forum Posts 9 blog=784472 blogger=264519 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=784472 blogger=264519 Advertisement Trips Self-Discovery 2013 January 1st 2013 -Â» December 31st 2013 Bangkok Repose January 5th 2013 -Â» January 8th 2013 Maiden Trip to Bali May 27th 2013 -Â» May 30th 2013 Dive Trip @ Bohol Philippines June 17th 2013 -Â» June 23rd 2013 Dive Trip @ Philippines Dec 2013 December 9th 2013 -Â» December 23rd 2013 Travel Blog Â» Asia Â» Thailand Â» Central Thailand Â» Ampawa Â» Blogs Â» Day 3 & 4 - Amphawa ...
Bangkok ...
Sing Tot 3.128s Tpl 0.088s cc 17 qc 64 dbt 0.1797s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Juli Lek Jaunty Jul - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 903 ttl 3600 left 2697 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
