menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Albury » Blogs » The Last Days Here The Last Days Here « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Albury January 14th 2011 Published January 14th 2011Edit Blog Post matrautman On Wednesday Gavin and Lyndas brother Greg took one car and Lynda and I went in hers to her brother-in-laws funeral in Nowra which is northeast of Albury closer to the coast.
It was a 5 hour drive thru some incredibly beautiful country.
Lynda and I went separately so that we could go on from there to visit more friends and family that she wanted me to meet and also to show me more of this beautful area.
As much as I have traveled to different countries it still amazes me how much the landscapes resemble areas in our country.
Lyndas aunt lives very close to the beach in Kianga and has a spectacular view.
Because of the awful storms that Australia has been having we havent even got to get our feet wet at the beaches because of the high surf so I am hoping to spend time in the water in Bali.
We stayed Wednesday night in a hotel a block from the beach in Narooma and we could see the beach and hear the waves.
They have security screen doors that we could lock so we were able to sleep with the door open and hear the waves and have the fresh ocean breeze and be totally safe.
It was wonderful.
We had breakfast at a little bistro on the beach and took a walk along the beach that looked very much like the Oregon coast before we headed out again.
It was overcast and breezy but warm.
We have been blessed with good weather as we havent had much rain when we have been traveling.
Its been at night or when we are done for the day.
Haven neeeded sun block as it has been partly cloudy or overcast most of the time which is great because it has kept the temperature in the high 80s or low 90s so far.
After leaving Narooma we headed back over the coastal range thru the Kosciuzko National Park.
Mt Kosciuzko is the highest peak in Austalia at 7000.
We stopped in Jinjabyne to have lunch with Heidi who was so welcoming to me as all her friends have been.
I would say that at least 90% of the people that I have met no matter the age have been to the states at least once.
AS we went thru the park we passed a beautiful ski area called Threadbo with 7 beginner or intermediate that we could see from the road lined by trees.
With many more challenging ones we couldnt see.
We passed one of their huge power plants that they pumped water to from lakes higher up thru 3 30in diameter white pipes.
That way they keep those lakes full and just use the excess to keep them from flooding.
Thru all the traveling we had done up to this point all i had seen was dead kangaroos.
Lynda pulled off the road at this small local airstrip at Geehi because she said they were always on an airstrip.
Sure enough there was a mob of about 20 there.
Lynda said that in order to land on these local airstrips you have to buzz the strip first to scare them off so you can land.
We saw a mom with twin joeys.
I dont know how she gets both of them in her pouch.
Today is laundry day and getting repacked as we will head for Melbourne early in the morning to put me on the plane to Adelaide.
It is 3-4 hours to Melbourne by car and the flight is just an hour.
If I had flown out of Albury i would have had a layover in Melbourne anyway and the ticket would have been twice the cost.
The car trip would be 10 hours from Albury.
This works great as Lynda and Gavin have some business in Melbourne and Lynda has to back at work on Monday.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Mary Ann Trautman matrautman blog=560654 blogger=185690 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Albury » Blogs » The Last Days Here Tot 2.899s Tpl 0.193s cc 10 qc 45 dbt 0.0896s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Mary Ann Trautman matrautman - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2885 ttl 3600 left 715 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
