menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ko Chang » Blogs » Ko Chang - The Elephant Island Ko Chang - The Elephant Island « Previous Entry Next Entry » The World Beckons Advertisement Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ko Chang March 27th 2012 Published June 6th 2012Edit Blog Post markandbreeunleashed Transportation A must on any Island After a crazy bus ride in which we spent very little time on our own side of the road and then a ferry we had completed our first Island hop.
With no booking our first job was to get accommodation for the night and there were plenty of choices.
After just 1 night on the island we moved hotels to a place called 15 Palms and booked for 14 nights - in retrospect maybe a little bit too long in 1 place.
Our plan was to stay settled and spend Songkran Thai New Year in Ko Chang.
First impressions of the island.
Mountainous cooler climate in the hills less dogs cheaper laundry and loud music where we were situated on White Sands Beach.
Ko Chang is the second largest island in Thailand after Phuket so it was imperative that we source a scooter and hire it for the first 7 days of our stay.
Our first morning at 15 Plams we rose early to investigate the included buffet breakfast.
Toast cornflakes tea and coffee - to us this was a treat the little things in life really make you happy and cornflakes certainly worked for us.
The Just Reflecting Bree showing her skills as a photographer on the back of the scooter island is 30km long and 14km wide so the scooter rides proved to be quite adventurous particularly the day we decided to complete a round trip.
Never follow a dotted line on a map that has no KEY.
We did.
We passed a small National Park looking office and took off down the small tarred path.
Talk about taking the path less travelled.
We followed this for about 6km to where we found a pile of concrete rubble on the creek bed that we assume was a continuation of the dotted line.
After a few dead end dirt tracks and a randomly placed shrine we admitted defeat and turned back with very little fuel.
The first week on the island was spent exploring the most northern waterfall Klong Chao Luam waterfall near daily book trading and another trip to the South of the island - Bang Bao and the fishermans pier to get an insight into the lives of the locals.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 8 Displayed 8 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 7 Message Mark and Bree Unleashed markandbreeunleashed Late last year 2011 we had a brain explosion of an idea to quit our long-standing jobs of 4 & 6 years and pack up all of our belongings and store away in a shed for safe keepings whilst we travel the globe.
We plan on going through South East Asia South America Canada New Zealand & road-tripping North America.
We had very little time to plan the trip so we are literally taking things 1 day at a time.
Our timeframe is non-existent although our insurance company will be chasing more money when our yearly cover runs out.
We departed ...
full info Joined May 31st 2012 Trips 1 Last Login June 6th 2015 Followers 7 Status BLOGGER Follows 15 Blogs 29 Guestbook 57 Photos 676 Forum Posts 4 blog=721853 blogger=241237 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=721853 blogger=241237 Advertisement Local Vendors Not the easiest way to make a dollar Never to old for a swing Always time to sit and enjoy life Just hangn Letting the inner child out Waterfall Our attempt at a delayed photo Local Temple Always such amazing designs Southern part of island A discovery on our day of exploration Travel Blog » Asia » Thailand » Central Thailand » Ko Chang » Blogs » Ko Chang - The Elephant Island Tot 1.846s Tpl 0.019s cc 17 qc 64 dbt 0.0637s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Mark and Bree Unleashed markandbreeunleashed - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2894 ttl 3600 left 706 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
