menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Hokkaido » Abashiri » Blogs » If You See a Bear If You See a Bear « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Japan » Hokkaido » Abashiri August 30th 2014 Published August 30th 2014Edit Blog Post paid to travel Brown Bear & Cub Shiretoko National Park If you see a bear and the bear notices you do not panic.
Do not run.
Raise your arm into the air wave it side to side and speak calmly to let her know that you are a human and will not harm her.
Do not offer her food… I assume that the bear will then walk away as there are no further instructions.
Fortunately the bears that I saw I observed from the deck of a passing boat and the bears were far enough away that they looked like medium sized dogs with puppies.
Summer vacation in Okinawa consists of 5 weeks when the children do not have to attend school but are set about 20 hours of Homework.
Teachers are entitled to 5 days summer leave plus can use as many of their 20 days annual leave as they wish.
Several foreign teachers used the time to return to their home countries some of us used much of our leave to take a break and many others went to school nearly every day.
What do teachers do at school during vacation time? I worked for 6 days and I did two full day workshops countless hours of pair Noh Theatre at Himeji Summer Festival and team planning lots of long chats with colleagues I hardly ever see a very few quiet hours of catching up daily two hour lunches and the pleasure of watching nearly everyone leave at knockoff time.
My sister and family joined me for a precious few days in Okinawa and Himeji.
We went on several fun excursions had lots of long chats and some very interesting meals.
Dylan joined me at school for 4 days and was invited to return anytime.
To refresh myself I went to the mainland for a busy round of social events and touristing.
Toni commuted between her work in Tokyo Saitama really and each holiday stop.
First stop Himeji Hyogo where I worked in 2010.
It felt like coming home.
I stayed in a Shirasagi apartment identical my own which was comforting and strange at the same time.
The most delightful part was reconnecting with old friends picking up the threads of our four years ago relationships and continuing as if there were not years and continents in between.
The highlights included a bike ride through the countryside fire lit Noh theatre under Himeji jo castle reconnecting with the spirit of Engyoji Buddhist Catching Dragonflies temple sharing thoughtful discussions about Okinawa with the Shirasagi summer classes and many warm conversations over delicious meals.
Shimamoto is a tiny village between Osaka and Kyoto.
The Shiomi family Aki was one of my Japanese teachers in Adelaide moved back to Japan late last year.
Their home is perched on the edge of rice paddies and vegetable patches and it rings to the sounds of frogs cicadas small children and other summer tunes.
For three days I played with the children got a close up view of a small community and swapped stories about the joys and difficulties of moving back to Japan.
I was sad to wave them goodbye at the train station.
Toni’s new work and apartment is in Saitama the nothing Prefecture – as one friend described it.
A dormitory suburb of Tokyo with a population of 7 million people that has grown in the last 60 years from small scattered farming villages to one huge conglomeration of suburbia.
You can see the Sky Tree from her fourth floor apartment and also experience the blistering 38-degree 90% humidity days of a Tokyo summer.
My days there were spent exploring a whole ‘nother part of Ainu Puppet Theatre the city quiet green and convenient with a lot of commuting by train to get anywhere.
Hokkaido big north island is where we met the bears and spent a week visiting two of the six National Parks that make up 10% of the land mass.
There are active volcanoes why else would I go there! magnificent lakes beautiful forests and lush green farmland.
We enjoyed the luxury of an onsen public bath with steaming underground heated water every evening and occasionally before breakfast.
An unexpected treat was seeing an Ainu indigenous people of Hokkaido puppet performance about the bear god and his adventures.
Hokkaido is beautiful in summer as well as winter.
I am good at holidays.
I feel refreshed and revitalized.
I cannot recommend them enough.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 5 Displayed 5 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message bucket mouth paid to travel Wisconsin 1979 my final teaching practicum in a schoolyard thick with snow.
Running away to Italy when teaching in Whyalla got too much.
Milking sheep in Israel midnight shift turtle care in Costa Rica head hunted for China.
The pay has never been great but the memories.
Back to Himeji for another Japanese adventure.
Join me....
full info Joined September 17th 2012 Trips 0 Last Login May 25th 2019 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 54 Guestbook 115 Photos 389 Forum Posts 0 blog=855548 blogger=249772 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=855548 blogger=249772 Advertisement Lake Mashu Akan National Park 30th August 2014 trees westcot non-member comment holidays So good to see and read about you getting out and about.
Hokaido sounds blissful.....is it full of tourists? I have a nephew who lived therw for 5 years.
He and his japanese partner are now living in nz.
Not sure how happy she is about that.
I now feel like my whole life is a holiday.....am officially an aged pensioner ....bit of a joke really.
Im about to head of to Singaraja in north bali to do some more esl in a senior high school ......keep writing ...I love it xtrees 30th August 2014 paid to travel bucket mouth Keep traveling And posting your beautiful photos Trees.
Travelers tales are best served from and to exotic locations.
30th August 2014 eddie non-member comment missing you Hey Jacinta you seem to be having an amazing time miss you back here hopefully I can make it to japan before you return.
30th August 2014 paid to travel bucket mouth Wish you were here.
The school would employ you in a snap Eddie Pollard.
You know about amazing...
It comes with lots of ups and downs and hard work.
Hope you can visit that would be ace.
31st August 2014 Vicki non-member comment Holidays ARE fun.
Great to keep up with your travels.
I remember similar bear advice in Canada with the addition of Carry a bear bell so they know youre coming.
31st August 2014 paid to travel bucket mouth Bear Bells Yes the Japanese all hike with bear bells too.
Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Hokkaido » Abashiri » Blogs » If You See a Bear Tot 2.633s Tpl 0.075s cc 9 qc 51 dbt 0.0603s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact bucket mouth paid to travel - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
