menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Malaysia » Wilayah Persekutuan » Kuala Lumpur » Blogs » We might call this town our second home We might call this town our second home - been here so many times Kuala Lumpur « Previous Entry Island Hopping in Indonesia 2019/20 Advertisement Asia » Malaysia » Wilayah Persekutuan » Kuala Lumpur January 21st 2020 Published April 23rd 2020Edit Blog Post holamundo on the Helipad - enjoying the sunset with a mango juice It was another amazing 3 hours flight over beautiful Indonesia.
We spotted Mount Agung on Bali the crater lake of Mount Ijen and Mount Merapi on Java.
There were no clouds no wind just sunshine when we touched down in Kuala Lumpur at 10 am.
It was the 6th or 7th - we lost the overview time touching down in our favourite city in Asia - but never before it was that smooth.
Normally due to weather conditions rains and thunderstorms touching down in Kuala Lumpur has a bit of a rollercoaster feeling.
But this time perfectly calm.
We could exchange our remaining indonesia rupiahs in malaysian ringits bought some fresh fruits for breakfast at a little store and went down on the ground floor to catch the bus to KL Sentral.
It is by far the cheapest options to go to town.
Depending on the traffic it takes a bit more than 1 hour but the buses are convenient.
So we had breakfast on the bus slept a bit and we were back in KL Sentral.
From here we took the monorail.
Our Airbnb appartment was in Bukit Bintang.
So we got of the monorail at Raja Chulan Station from Sri Ranganath Temple in Kajang - attending evening prayers where it was a 5 minute walk to our appartment.
Luckily we could already check in.
We had a nice clean private appartment in the Ramada Suites Complex.
We love this system.
They have mailboxes for the AirBnB guests.
You get a code pick up your key from the mailbox and go to the room.
super efficient and hassle free.
Great! Our appartment was really cool.
Great views over the city unfortunately to the wrong side - so no KL Tower or Petronas Tower views for us clean spacious nicely decorated including a kitchen a washing machine a bathroom and a nice little balcony.
The bed was big and comfy.
So we settled down and happily took use of the much needed washing machine.
We even had a hairdryer and worked on our phone short reminder after our camera also both our phones enjoyed a dip in the ocean and were dead.
And after 1 hour of carefully dryblowing and putting underneath the aircon the first phone showed signs of life to put the story short - we could both safe our phones within 1 day with the help of the aircon.
What a relief! But we had to in front of Lord Murugan in the Batu Caves hurry up.
Our 5 days in Kuala Lumpur were fully packed - this was not holiday any more.
We had to work and get some really important things done which we had planned beforehand.
First thing was that already at 2 pm Markus had a long appointment with the dentist.
So we got a grab car still love this system it is so quick and easy and hassle free and after 20 minutes we arrived at the dentist.
We were welcomed and sat down.
While Markus was getting 4 teeth done !!! I was comfortably enjoying my time in the waiting area which was more a comfy living room with views into a tropical garden hpt tea and coffee and even vegan cookies.
Time to read and enjoy for me.
But also Markus came out happy without pain and nicely restored teeth.
Even the bill did not hurt as much as it normally does in Switzerland.
So we were happy and planned with the dentist to come back in about 2 years.
Well we see how things are going - but if we can make it we will surely go back here.
We can really recommend Dentalpro in Kuala Lumpur! delicious indian paper dosa Great treatment professional safe clean and super modern - and a very polite staff.
Next thing was to pick up my glasses which I had ordered 4 weeks ago.
So we took another grab car to get to Bangsar Village.
There we spotted a vegan ice and cake café.
Well important things first.
We had a nice hot coffee in the freezing cold mall never get it why malaysian malls are so freezing cold vegan chocolate cake and in the end some ice cream.
Yummy.
Then I got my new glasses and Markus finally ended up having an eye test as well and ordered some glasses for himself.
They would not be ready in the time we are in KL as the glasses are a bit special.
But what a great service - they offered us to send everything to Switzerland for a really small fee and it worked out perfectly fine.
So also here great service high quality glasses and professional eye tests also icare in Bangsar Village can only be recommended.
After a short stop in the supermarket of the mall love it it has so many great products we walked to Little India which is 10 Bali seen from the plane on our way from Lombok to Kuala Lumpur minutes away.
There we bought some things for our little hindu temple at home and also stocked up with Himalaya Products.
These ayurvedic products like lotion shampoo tooth paste are great but super expensive and hard to get in Switzerland.
Here you get it all for less than a third of the price.
Heavily loaded it was time for a nice indian dinner.
We enjoyed some great paper dosa and veggie curry in one of the vegetarian restaurants.
How do we love these indian restaurants in Malaysia! We could go there for breakfast lunch and dinner.
Most of them have great quality are clean food is safe and the taste is out of this world.
We ended a fantastic dinner with chai tea before we took the monorail back home.
There we just sat on our balcony overlooking the crazy nightlife in nearby Changkat Road.
But as soon as we closed the door to the balcony the noise stayed outside - the great advantage of living in the 23rd floor.
After a very long day we got up at 4 am to catch the flight to KL we slept like babies and had a slow start into the next waiting at the dentist for the treatment day.
We made our own breakfast in our kitchen put on another washing machine and worked a little bit.
Great feeling to have everything clean again emails checked orders done projects for the new year on the go appointment with a new employee fixed.
Life of self employed on the road.
Around midday we made our way to Bukit Nanas.
Never ever before did we walk around this forest reserve in the heart of the city.
Bad luck for us since a couple of days you have to pay an entrance fee it was free before.
Anyway the canopy walk was nice the forest and the birds were a pleasant change from the city and we enjoyed some fresh air before we headed to the area around Masjid Jamek.
There we know 2 very nice indian vegetarian restaurants - time for lunch.
This time we went to the Bhakti Woodlands and had a fantastic vegan thali with a chai in the end of course.
Later we went to Little India there are 2 Little Indias in KL - one around KL Sentral in Bricksfield where we went the day before and one on the other side of the Klang river vegan treats at Bangsar Village close to Masjid Jamek.
To get there we walked along a typical malaysian market which was very entertaining.
In Little India again it was time for shopping this time clothes before we headed back home where we quickly freshened up.
Because for sunset we had planned another thing we had only done once before in KL.
We wanted to enjoy sunset on a rooftop.
3 years ago we had a fantastic time on the rooftop of Traders close to the Petronas Towers.
This time we had decided to pay the Helipad a visit.
This is a helicopter platform close to the monorail station of Raja Chulan.
Early evening it transforms into a bar.
The entrance fee is 50 Ringgit per person which includes 1 drink.
It is very famous.
And we loved it.
The views are just ensane - and well you are on a rooftop on a helicopter plattform with only a cord protecting you from falling down.
It is such a cool and great atmosphere with a mixture of businessmen tourists from all over the world and locals - from hippies to brokers.
Around 8 pm unfortunately it started raining and we had to go down.
So we Markus having his eyes tested spontanously decided to visit the Berjaya Mall.
We have never been there - and the only reason we went was that we wanted to see the rollercoaster inside the mall.
It is insane! Well we are not fans of big malls we prefer the smaller malls like in Bangsar but to see something like this once is a must.
By foot we walked back via the Alor Night Food Market where we had a delicious fresh sugar cane juice.
But as vegans passing through this street it is not really fun - and there is not a lot you can eat either.
So we went back to our appartment quickly and enjoyed a homemade vegan dinner with lots of fresh fruit there.
Unfortunately in the apartment complex it is not allowed to eat durian which we like and mangosteen which we are crazy for - the best fruit in the world.
So we sticked to papaya mango snake fruit and pitaya - not bad anyway.
Next morning same routine breakfast working cleaning the apartment a bit and then we were of by foot to Chinatown.
Well honestly we do not like Chinatown in Kuala Lumpur.
But we wanted to Bricksfield - Little India visit the famous Sri Mahamariamman Temple.
And this hindu temple is in the middle of Chinatown.
As it was sunday late morning the streets were still quiet.
We arrived at the temple just in time to do the parikrama walking 3 times clockwise around the temple to pay respect and then the sunday prayers started.
So happily we could attempt this service in the temple.
It was annoying that so many tourists were running around filming the ceremony.
I mean of course tourists can take pictures and film but shouldnt we all do it in a descrete way! Even Markus and I were really disturbed.
Prayers were really nice and we sat down to meditate a bit afterwards.
The temple is very nice with a huge south indian gopuram entrance tower.
So we were really happy to finally have visited it.
After a short break for an excellent vegan capuccino in the cafe of the travellodge close by great cafe and superbe coffee with alternative milk! we walked along the Klang River.
This part is newly renovated and really beautiful.
We walked back to the apartment and got freshened up for the evening.
We had planned to meet a friend Markus working in our appartment at night that night and go together to a very special temple.
Unfortunately she could not join us as a family member was in hospital and she had to take care of the person.
So we took the train to Kajang and went to the temple on our own.
3 years ago we came here for a darshan personal blessing with our spiritual master Paramahamsa Vishwananda.
It was a very special darshan for us and he told us something very important which is a bit too private to share here -.
Anyway since then this place this temple is really special for us and we were so excited to come back.
The main priest recognised us and we had a short talk to him before the evening prayers started.
We enjoyed it very much to be back in this special temple.
Much too fast the prayers were over.
It was a bit tricky to find a grab again which could bring us from the temple to the train station.
But finally we managed and got back home safely.
We did not feel like going out that night but wanted to tressure our time in the temple with some quiet time in the our lovely appartment apartment.
After a quiet evening and a long and relaxing night we got up late.
After breakfast we had to pack all our stuff.
It was our last day in KL already.
We left the luggage at the reception and hopped on the monorail to KL Sentral from where we took a train to the Batu Caves.
We had been there many years ago but we felt like coming back.
We love south indian temples and there are many in Malaysia - so we wanted to have as much time in the temples as possible.
To get to the Batu Caves is easy and straight forward.
Once there we decided to first visit a new cave with an amazing exhibition.
With big statues the life of Rama was displayed.
It was beautifully made and greatly explained and we enjoyed it a lot.
The best no visitors here! We nearly had the huge cave for ourselves.
Close by Batu Caves was flooded with tourists.
Nonetheless we climbed the stairs and went to the temple.
Unfortunately the main temple was closed for the next 4 hours.
So luck was not on our side here.
But it did not matter.
We went to view from our appartment at night some smaller temples and finally went back to town.
It was beautiful anyway and always worth a visit.
Back in town we went to the Mimph House a vegan eco restaurant near Raja Chulan monorail.
It was difficult to find the restaurant in a mall but food was amazing.
They have typical malaysian dishes purely vegan.
So we had lakhsa an interesting desert and some amazing side dishes.
All fresh and organic - really nice and prices are fair.
But no visit to KL is complete without a final stroll around the KLCC park and a glimpse of the Petronas Towers which are simply impressive.
And much too fast our trip to Asia had come to an end.
We went back to get our luggage and got a grab to the airport.
Our flight was at 2 am in the morning.
After a pleasant Emirates flight to Dubai we arrived at 5 am deadly tired in Dubai where we hang around for 7 hours till our connecting flight to Istanbul.
In Istanbul we had one more night which was pretty uneventful.
We had a terrible but cheap place to sleep close to the airport.
All we did was breakfast time struggeling with icy temperatures below 0 degress C at night and drizzeling rain warming us up in a coffee shop having dinner having a short night and then back to the airport again.
Finally we landed back in Switzerland.
And little did we know at that time what a chaotic year was lying ahead of us.
Maybe that was our last big trip for a long time - the corona virus has turned our lifes like many other lifes upside down.
Being self employed we are working hard to survive with our business so who knows when travelling will be possible again how it will be and when we will have enough funds.
We just hope that travellers and of course all people in general will not be expsoed to compulsary vaccinations - something we are completely against.
Maybe our next blog will be from our time at home....Stay all safe and healthy! « Previous Entry Additional photos below Photos 59 Displayed 32 « Back 1 2 3 Next » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 36 Message Nina+Markus holamundo Hola mundo! - We are Nina and Markus.
We are from Lake Thun/Switzerland and we are outdoor junkies.
Whenever possible we spend our time travelling climbing ice-climbing trekking or snowboarding/skiing.
However our life has turned completely when we met our spiritual master Paramahamsa Sri Swami Vishwananda in the year 2013.
In the meantime we try to travel to places where he is and gives blessings to people as often as possible.
From travelling in the outside because we were searching for something we are now travelling for meeting him enjoying his presence and travelling inside.
It ...
full info Joined May 18th 2008 Trips 20 Last Login June 8th 2020 Followers 36 Status BLOGGER Follows 109 Blogs 218 Guestbook 533 Photos 7249 Forum Posts 53 blog=1050465 blogger=73241 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=1050465 blogger=73241 Advertisement Brief history of Malaysia During the late 18th and 19th centuries Great Britain established colonies and protectorates in the area of current Malaysia these were occupied by Japan from 1942 to 1945.
In 1948 the British-ruled territories on the Malay Peninsula formed the Fe...more history Trips RTW part I South America July 31st 2008 -» January 30th 2009 RTW part II Oceania January 30th 2009 -» April 21st 2009 RTW part III Southern Africa April 23rd 2009 -» July 31st 2009 Southeast Asia part I Indonesia Singapore Malaysia Thailand October 18th 2010 -» January 21st 2011 Southeast Asia part II Northern Malaysia Southern Thailand January 7th 2012 -» January 24th 2012 Southeast Asia part III Northern Thailand January 3rd 2013 -» January 31st 2013 Cruising through Andalucía / Spain May 1st 2013 -» May 25th 2013 India 1 first steps on the subcontinent in the south December 30th 2013 -» February 28th 2014 India 2 South India for the second time November 25th 2014 -» January 17th 2015 Around Split in Croatia July 1st 2015 -» July 6th 2015 India 3 - to the heart of India November 22nd 2015 -» January 16th 2016 Spain with Paramahamsa Vishwananda May 10th 2016 -» May 25th 2016 Honeymoon October 10th 2016 -» November 20th 2016 India 4 - A little bit of everything November 24th 2016 -» December 17th 2016 A week in Great Britain January 20th 2017 -» February 10th 2017 First time in Portugal May 1st 2017 -» May 10th 2017 Touring through Northern Germany September 5th 2017 -» September 18th 2017 Following the footsteps of our spiritual master Paramhamsa Vishwananda November 7th 2017 -» November 22nd 2017 South Africa - back to a wonderful country after nearly 10 years December 31st 2018 -» January 22nd 2019 Island Hopping in Indonesia 2019/20 December 10th 2019 -» January 30th 2020 Blogged From TravelBlog Awards Blog Poster Commenter Hall of Fame Photography Top Photos pool at our accomodation pool at our accomodation KL Tower on Bukit Nanas Bukit Nanas Nature Reserve Bukit Nanas Nature Reserve Bukit Nanas Nature Reserve Bukit Nanas Nature Reserve Bukit Nanas Nature Reserve « Back 1 2 3 Next » 23rd April 2020 D MJ Binkley Dave and Merry Jo Binkley Nice pool May have to stay there next time.
24th April 2020 holamundo Nina+Markus KL stay Yes we can recommend the Ramada Complex although we had a private appartment - but both use the same pool and other facilities.
Well located in the middle of the action yet nice quiet and relaxing.
The pool is not on the top floor but still really attractive - 23rd April 2020 D MJ Binkley Dave and Merry Jo Binkley Second home KL is one of those hubs that is easily embraced.
So much to see and do.
Plus you got a lot of business done.
Travel Blog » Asia » Malaysia » Wilayah Persekutuan » Kuala Lumpur » Blogs » We might call this town our second home Tot 1.737s Tpl 0.029s cc 49 qc 173 dbt 0.0421s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.9mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Nina+Markus holamundo - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306047 age 342 ttl 3600 left 3258 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
