menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Center District » Raanana » Blogs » The Diaspora Museum and Men in Speedos The Diaspora Museum and Men in Speedos « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Middle East » Israel » Center District » Raanana June 12th 2007 Published June 12th 2007Edit Blog Post sarmon Tel Aviv University It is important to note for my American readers that Israel has an odd sense of weekend.
The weekend lasts from the middle of Friday until sundown on Saturday.
So Sunday in Israel is really the same thing as Monday in the states.
So thats why everything is open on Sundays here.
Sunday I amazed my grandmother my declining her offer to take me to the mall.
Instead I requested that we go to the Diaspora Museum located on Tel Aviv Universitys campus.
The Diaspora Museum is one of the largest museums in the world related to the Jewish people and their history around the world in various communities in Europe Asia and Africa.
Unfortunately I was not allowed to take pictures while I was in there a security guard admonished me loudly but I did manage to get a picture of the gate to Tel Aviv University.
After a bombing on the Hebrew University campus in 2002 all campuses in Israel have become closed campuses so you have to show ID and submit to bag searches to get on to campus.
It certainly cuts down on the problem with homeless bums that we have at UF and at Path to the Sea The arches at Sharon were the common meeting place for everybody in high school.
Tulane.
Anyway the museum was very interesting and certainly comprehensive though I have to say that they havent quite got down the historical narrative concept of organizing a museum the way some museums in the US work.
The museum would be greatly improved if there were more artifacts rather than just a few diaramas and reproductions.
Also the museum was a little bit text heavy but still really great.
I heard more English and European languages in the museum than I did Hebrew which I suppose makes sense.
Sunday night I went out to dinner at a restaurant called Spaghettim with my fathers friend and my travel agent Havi and her two daughters Danielle and Mor.
Spaghettim is a restaurant in a newer part of town that is trying to be very cosmopolitan.
The funny thing about that is that when Israelis try to be cosmopolitan it comes across as hilarious because Israelis as much as I love them are crass and Middle Eastern.
Also hearing the translation of Italian-sounding menu items into Hebrew was amusing since the words REALLY dont work in a semitic language.
At least English has some roots with Italian.
It was still a really Sharon Beach Keep walking...
nice time though.
Yesterday my plans with my grandmother fell by the wayside after my cousin called her from school to tell her that she wasnt feeling well.
So my grandmother went to pick her up and take care of her for the day and I set off for the beach.
This was my first time using the public transportation system in Israel since Ive been back and I was slightly nervous that I wasnt going to remember how to do it but from the first rude shout of the bus driver at me to pay already I knew what I was doing.
I went to Sharon Beach which was a favorite hangout of all the AIS-ers back in my high school days and after seeing a few american adolescents I knew that it still was the AIS place to be.
The weather was perfect it was hot but there was the breeze coming in off the Mediterranean.
The beach wasnt too crowded as it was a work day so it was mostly middle and high school students and a few mothers and their children.
And the lifeguards who are certainly nice to look at.
I laid my towel The Mediterranean Yaaay we made it! out in a prime spot and for a few hours I dozed listened to music and took a couple of swims in the ocean.
The water is much warmer in the Mediterranean than it is in the Atlantic theres less seaweed and garbage and no jellyfish! The water was a little rough so the lifeguards kept shouting at all of us to come back but true to Israeli form nobody listened.
My favorite part was all the cute puppies that were playing on the beach.
Last night I went out for a little while with some more of my parents friends and then I met up with my friends Leeza and Jessica from high school.
Leeza is getting ready to start her psychology program at TAU and Jessica is in Medical School here.
We went to a sushi restaurant in Herzliya shared a bottle of wine and gossiped about a lot of people from high school.
It was nice to see them but we realized how old we were when at midnight we were all ready for bed.
Today Im finishing up some errands and then its off to AFRICA! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 7 Displayed 7 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message SA sarmon Im taking a 9 week trip around the world!...
full info Joined June 6th 2007 Trips 0 Last Login November 28th 2015 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 26 Guestbook 109 Photos 126 Forum Posts 1 blog=168298 blogger=40189 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=168298 blogger=40189 Advertisement Brief history of Israel Following World War II the British withdrew from their mandate of Palestine and the UN partitioned the area into Arab and Jewish states an arrangement rejected by the Arabs.
Subsequently the Israelis defeated the Arabs in a series of wars without...more history The Male Fashion Faux Pas The lifeguard.
I dont care how great your body is and believe me his was great speedos are NEVER OKAY.
What a View The view from my towel was quite excellent.
Puppy! Puppies playing in the water!!! 12th June 2007 laura non-member comment i love that you put pictures up again...
theyre great to see..
and ill admit i definitely enlarged the ones of the guys and esp the one of the puppy!!! = eee.
anyway..
back to hw but im always excited when you put up a new post! xo 12th June 2007 Thad Miller non-member comment Forget The Speedos!! Where was the eye-candy for the heterosexual males?? I saw NO picures of scantily-clad FEMALES!! I KNOW your dad and I would greatly appreciate consideration in these matters!! I look forward to future blogs Shy...
As a teacher of history..
i might INSIST that you come and present to my classes...
DOCUMENTATION...
DOCUMENTATION!!! Have fun!!!! Thad 12th June 2007 mommy non-member comment travel ups and downs Heard about the flight delay and hope it doesnt mess up your plans too much but such is the lot of travellers today and actually thruout time the best laid plans always are subject to arbitrary problems.
I am sure it will all work out and I am excited to hear about south africa once you get there.
All is great here the usual stuff going on surgery work home.
I am not living the fascinating life.
Liked the pictures and who cares what they are wearing? Men in speedos look ok from the angle you took the shot.
Well I hope you get to your destination in good stead and keep us informed about all your adventures.
Love Mommy 13th June 2007 Matt non-member comment Where are the pictures of TAUs football stadium and frat row? 15th June 2007 Brian Krevor non-member comment Wow it looks amazing there.
I hope your having a great time! 17th June 2007 Ada non-member comment Lifes a beach I want to go to Israel and have some holy candy! hehe One day well plan something.
Love the pictures you world traveler you.
Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Center District » Raanana » Blogs » The Diaspora Museum and Men in Speedos Tot 2.901s Tpl 0.075s cc 15 qc 60 dbt 0.1341s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact SA sarmon - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
