menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Ballina Â» Blogs Â» Road Trip Down Under Road Trip Down Under Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Eastern Hemisphere Exploration Advertisement Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Ballina October 14th 2011 Published October 14th 2011Edit Blog Post Kristins Adventures in Wanderland Betty White aka Betsy In case you missed the memo- we are in Australia! We spent our first week in Sydney car hunting and doing a bit of sight-seeing.
We found a little Mitsubishi hatchback within our budget with low milage kilometerage? and jumped on the offer.
Shes a bit old and shaky but runs great and fits all our bags! We left Sydney early yesterday morning and headed north to Ballina- a 9 hour drive that ended up taking us 12 due to traffic weather and of course car troubles.
Our car started acting funny about 7 hours in when Taylor went to put the blinkers on basically the car stopped and restarted itself while we were driving.
So we pulled over into a gas station to see what was wrong.
When we tried the lights the car died altogether.
Perfect.
We knew our battery had just died so I went to the car dealership next door to get a jumper kit.
I was about to attempt to jump the car when a man parked near us asked if we wanted help.
He took one look and noticed that one of the wires had slipped off our battery- hence why it died.
He slipped it back on then we drove it to the dealership and had it tightened up for us- no worries mate! We were back on the road again.
We are staying with my friend Sophie in Ballina for a few nights then heading to the Gold Coast to visit the family and then onwards to Cairns.
Side note we have been traveling for 7 weeks now and have yet to pay for accomodation.
Lets see how long we can keep this up! The road is sure to bring lots more adventures so I will be sure to blog more frequently! Thanks for following ð?˜? Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 3 Message Kristin Kelly Kristins Adventures in Wanderland Cheshire Puss Alice began Would you tell me please which way I ought to go from here? That depends a good deal on where you want to get to said the Cat.
I dont much care where-- said Alice.
Then it doesnt matter which way you go said the Cat.
--so long as I get SOMEWHERE Alice added as an explanation.
Oh youre sure to do that said the Cat if you only walk long enough....
full info Joined July 21st 2011 Trips 4 Last Login May 27th 2020 Followers 3 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 63 Guestbook 120 Photos 380 Forum Posts 0 blog=658433 blogger=204678 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=658433 blogger=204678 Advertisement Travel Blog Â» Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Ballina Â» Blogs Â» Road Trip Down Under Tot 0.503s Tpl 0.016s cc 10 qc 46 dbt 0.0154s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Kristin Kelly Kristins Adventures in Wanderland - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
