menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Valencian Community » Alicante » Benimaurell » Blogs » Horchata Paella & Sangria Horchata Paella & Sangria « Previous Entry Advertisement Europe » Spain » Valencian Community » Alicante » Benimaurell April 25th 2012 Published April 25th 2012Edit Blog Post Abbey McDermott HOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaa obviously i learnt alot of spanish post my 6 FANTASTIC days in Alicante Spain with Hector and Alin!! no but really my spanish is coming along how ever m boyfriends english is putting me to shame so abbey has room for imropovement! well where to start....
Hector the beautiful spanish boyfriend is from Alicante so we were off to visit his home town and see his friends and have a really authentic spanish holiday! the westher was FANTASTIC from start to finish..
27 degrees was a europhic change from 8 degrees and raining in london town so we had our shorts on and our sunglasses and big smiles!! first night we arrived late and went out for drinks may i add 1 euro mojitos and daquiris so abbey needed no persuading in consuming! we had a low key night as it was a bank holiday so relatively quite that night..
the next day we were off to the beautiful white city of Altea!! Altea was breathtaking..
we sat on a hill and looking over the beautiful sea whilst listening to a guy play the guitar..
we had cappucino and beer on a terrace and just were strolling around the whole day...
That night we had a fairly largerr fiesta and in spain the partying doesnt start until 12am so obviously with a canadian alin and an aussie me where we party from 8pm onwards we were in interesting states come 1 am haha.
none the less fun was had and we had a fantastic night getting to know hectors spanish friends! with our limited spanish and their limited english it made for a riot of a night! the next day hector took me for a special day..
knowing that i love HORCHATA  a spanish tiger nut drink that is amazing he took me to the place on the beach that boasts the best horchata in alicante and it was right! we strolled then through the markets and then he suprised me with tapas on a restaurant on the beach..
the whole menu was in Spanish so i told him to go for it and suprise me...
the man knows me well we had prawns with avocado and potatos with aoli and prawns with pepper and vegetables...
and more horchata! we then strolled around Old Town with our bellies full and just admired the ancient parts of Alicante...
That night was an EPIC soccer to them football! match between Barcelona and Real Madrid which pits most of Spain against each other and made for a fantastic night! people screaming in Spanish cheap beers and people dancing in the street we were eating tappas until 1 am and i looked after a highly funny and drunk boyfriend and we had a ball!! the next day was my favourite that we spent in Alicante Hectors best friend Samu owns a little house in the Mountains in Alicante it is just inexplainable.
It has a little kitchen all with no elextricity a pool a patio and literally no neighbours and overlooks the beautiful mountains and beaches...
we spent ALL day their and drank beer and hector cooked from scratch Seafood Paella which was mouthwatering and he just solidifed his place as the best cook i have ever met! We headed home around 9pm and were tired so sat on the balcony drinking Horchata and talking.
PERFECT the next day me and alin spent the day SUNBAKING.
i emphasiss the word since i havent done that in 4 months so we were literaly sprinting to the beach..
it was divine and then that night we went for tapas again with friends and wandering through old town of Alicante...
The whole trip from start to finish was authentic the house we stayed in hectors the people we met the spanish we spoke the food we ate.
Everything was a beautiful memory made sweeter by the fact Hector and Alin were there.
We jetsetted back quite late into London and in two days I am off to amsterdam! so you will see yet another entry.
However i feel the next one will be alot more rowdy! « Previous Entry Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 3 Message Abbey McDermott Abbey McDermott I figure in 40 years when im fat and old i would want to look back and remember the best years of my life!! i think that this is them.
Currently living in central London in Tufnell park travelling the world and following my dreams.
Hard to stay in touch with everyone due to a shitty 11 hour time difference so hopefully if your bored and want to kill some time you can hop on my blog and see what stupid shenanigans i have been up too!! Miss u all and love you all Hope you enjoy my blogs!...
full info blog=712449 blogger=231435 Blog Map Print Version Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Valencian Community » Alicante » Benimaurell » Blogs » Horchata Paella & Sangria Tot 2.986s Tpl 0.061s cc 12 qc 53 dbt 0.0712s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Abbey McDermott Abbey McDermott - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306052 age 914 ttl 3600 left 2686 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
