menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » Days 6 - 8 Christmas Days 6 - 8 Christmas « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen December 26th 2011 Published December 26th 2011Edit Blog Post The Flynnies on the road again Hi Everyone We have had a lot of fun over the last couple of days.
Day 6.
Uncle Glenn left.
We went to the Sawtell Bakery for some yummy food.
We met our friends Belinda Luke and Gary.
I really like Luke.
We have a lot in common.
They took us then to the headland at Sawtell beach.
It was low tide.
Belinda took us over to this Island.
She use to go there when she was a little girl.
There was a beautiful rock pool there.
We swam in it.
We saw all types of creatures like crabs birds and shell creatures.
Mum said it smelt like sea lions.
Dad told her it was the bird doo doo.
Luke James and I were dare devils.
we got there over the rocks.
Day 7 It was raining so we went to Bellingen Dorrigo and Armidale.
The road we went on was called Waterfall Way.
There are lots of waterfalls as you drive along.
The first few were really cool.
Dad loved it.
boring.
I pretended to be asleep after we saw the first 4 waterfalls.
We stopped at the old butter factory.
I had on the road again...
my first sticky date pudding yum! and saw my first naked statue.
Disgusting.
We went to a cool fish hatchery called Dutton Fish farm.
They breed brown trout and rainbow trout.
We saw a video and then fed the fish.
They all jumped out at once when we threw the food.
It was fascinating.
It was a long trip.
When we got to Armidale dad and I went to this 2nd hand book shop.
I got 3 books and so did dad.
I got 2 Goosebumps and Quirky Tales Paul Jennings.
Day 8 Christmas eve.
Uncle Glenn came back.
We took him to Sawtell.
He loved it...We have a great action shot of cheeks at the rock pools.
We had a fun day.
We swam played and rode our bikes to the river.
Mum and I went for a walk around the town to look at the lights.
They were great.
I put some biscuits carrots and milk out for Santa.
Mum ate one and I was angry with her.
Day 9 Christmas! Santa found us!! I got some Pokemon cards some clothes boring and the family got an Ipad 2.
James got Donkey Kong Wii waterfall1 he broke the last one clothes boring.
Janice Fiona Andrew and Richard gave us this great advent calendar.
We have been opening these since 1 December.
Today was a big present! I got a travel journal which is really cool and James got his favourite books Cat in the Hat.
It made me think of them everyday.
We had a good day.
I missed everyone a bit but I can call everyone when I want to.
We swam played canyon at the beach and had a big walk to Tuckers Rocks.
We all went to bed early.
Bye Billy « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 15 Displayed 15 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message William Flynn The Flynnies My name is Billy Flynn.
I am 7 years old and am about to travel around Australia with my family.
They include mum dad and my 9 year old brother James.
...
full info Joined December 5th 2011 Trips 0 Last Login October 1st 2013 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 35 Guestbook 53 Photos 406 Forum Posts 0 blog=674471 blogger=223542 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=674471 blogger=223542 Advertisement waterfall 2 fishfarm sawtell island island2 rock pool action shot crab christmas christmas 2 christmas 3 christmas 4 26th December 2011 Allison Rudd non-member comment Merry Christmas Hi Billy What a great time you and the family have been having.
The waterfalls looked beautiful and the fish sound fascinating.
I like your christmas tree and Im glad santa found you.
Merry Christmas from all of the Rudds to you guys.
I am looking forward to reading your next blog.
Allison  30th December 2011 Pam Thompson non-member comment Keeping in Touch I found out how to read all this on Google after Tina told me the link.
It is so good to be able to read all about your travels.
I cant get over how much the boys have grown since I last saw them.
Hopefully when you make it to Perth we can catch up.
We are off to Canada and Alaska on 15th July 2012 and really looking forward to the trip probably the last big trip we will do as the Super can only stretch so far.
Thyanks for the Christmas message and now that I have your mobiloe number will keep in contact.
Lots of love to all and best wishes for a happy healthy and safe 2012.
Lots of love.
Aunty Pam & Uncle Rod.
5th January 2012 Sue McGill non-member comment Glad Santa found you Hi Flynnies...looks like you guys are having a great time! I am so glad Santa found you and that Steve is still smiling.
I travelled around Australia with my family when I was about your age and I still have wonderful memories....it is great you are making family memories yourselves.
Will keep checking on you.
Have fun.
Sue Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » Days 6 - 8 Christmas Tot 2.893s Tpl 0.096s cc 9 qc 45 dbt 0.0646s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact William Flynn The Flynnies - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2891 ttl 3600 left 709 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
