menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Ehime » Blogs » Japan.
Shikoku.
Ainan Japan.
Shikoku.
Ainan « Previous Entry Next Entry » Japan - Shikoku Island Advertisement Asia » Japan » Ehime April 24th 2017 Published April 24th 2017Edit Blog Post Pennyfarthing Lovely coastline Day 11 Ashizura to Ainan 93km.
950m ascent.
Chris summed up today spot on when he declared it Stunning.
It was one of the best touring days ever with 29 degrees of wall to wall sunshine as predicted.
The coast was followed closely for most of the day and the first piece took us about half way up the hillside so that the rocky island strewn coast could be seen in all its glory.
Most of the villages were occupied by fishermen fish factories and fish markets.
Going around one bay we noticed some smoke or dust coming out of a tall building.
When we got closer we could smell wood smoke and fish only to find it was a fish smoking factory working on a Sunday.
Luckily they allowed us to photograph and film them at their work sorting through the fish and knocking off the dried fins etc.
Towards the end of the day we saw that almost every bay had fish farms in the sheltered areas which added to the view.
Lunchtime was a real treat when we arrived at a restaurant specialising in savoury pancakes which we found were to die for.
The base is flour Savoury pancake time and egg and we had a filling mixture of bacon prawns onions and other lovely tasting morsels.
10 minutes each side on our table which was a hot plate and then various sauces and mysterious powders added.
Absolutely delicious.
We had a few big hills with hairpins which are a pleasure to descend but less so on the ascent.
However the gradients werent too bad and the views staggering.
Kites were plentiful today hovering very close to us and at one point there must have been about 40 kites and crows flying together and the crows squawking as they do and the kites jousting with each other.
I managed some nice photos of them for a change.
We split into two Ryokan tonight and as usual we are expected to take off our shoes at the door.
The only problem this time is that the slippers they gave us were of the wooden variety with two horizontal bars for soles.
Clip clop.
The Onsen was also small and just enough room for two in a cosy/friendly position.
It was a good job I was early and on my own.
The mens urinals are a also a sight to behold in The two stooges the corridor to the Onsen for all to view at no extra cost.
The fumes therein at no extra cost either.
No bleach on hand? « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 6 Displayed 6 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 4 Message Richard Dugdale Pennyfarthing I am a retired engineer born in 1945 who loves cycle touring.
I have ridden Lands End John O Groats C2C the Three Towers Blackpool - London -Paris Blackpool European section of North Sea Cycle Route Rotterdam to Bergen 3500 km several sportives and trips to Spain and the Alps Slovenia Albania Macedonia Turkey Japan Kerala and Tamil Nadu India Vietnam Cambodia China Australia including Tasmania and New Zealand.
Kyushu Japan USA Republic of Ireland and Sicily.
I ride several sportives each year and ride one day every week with some retired riders and usually lead a gr...
full info Joined January 4th 2008 Trips 13 Last Login April 30th 2020 Followers 4 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 398 Guestbook 114 Photos 2714 Forum Posts 5 blog=963328 blogger=56300 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=963328 blogger=56300 Advertisement Super clogs Smelly urinal Yukata Chris Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Ehime » Blogs » Japan.
Shikoku.
Ainan Tot 2.905s Tpl 0.063s cc 11 qc 27 dbt 0.1086s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Richard Dugdale Pennyfarthing - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
