menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Nagoya » Blogs » It was Good but it was Weird It was Good but it was Weird « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Japan » Aichi » Nagoya May 12th 2015 Published May 26th 2017Edit Blog Post bwendorff 2.1431417153.bullet-train This was the boys earliest morning so far I had them booked to take the 845am Shuttle from our hostel to the train station to catch our 920am bus to Mishima Station to grab a train to Nagoya.
We arrived with plenty of time to grab breakfast from the station they got hot dogs! and catch the bus.
At Mishima Station where we were able to catch a bullet train to Nagoya just a few minutes after we arrived.
We had a couple hour ride ahead of us so we got some lunch and snacks for the trip and settled into our seats.
As we arrived in Nagoya we had to figure out what we were going to do with our limited time because we were only there one night.
Due to a Typhoon hitting the southern part of Japan the weather was awful and pouring out! That made our decision to find something inside.
I wanted to try and see a park that had an old pottery factory on it so I made the boys walk with me a couple blocks to the Toyota Museum because that was on the way.
Unfortunately with the rain we missed seeing it 2.1431417153.toyota-museum so kept walking on by.
Eventually we ran into the museum me surprised since I expected to see the park first but that worked out fine because we were soaked through and ready to be inside at this point despite the jacket I had jacket Fred had and Tylers umbrella.
The Toyota Museum was absolutely amazing! It walked you through the start of the company when it originally made looms.
The first product for the Toyoda family was a circular automatic loom that changed the world of looming.
Since making cloth is a long standing process the museum walked you through the history of how it works and all the technical advancements included with it up to the current automated process Toyota uses today.
It blew all three of our minds because while how we talked about the cotton industry in history class we never went into the mechanics behind it so all us engineers were in heaven.
The fact that cotton is an amazing enough material that you can pull and twist it out to make a thread then just spin it to make it tight enough to become a string is incredible.
There were a ton of 2.1431417153.1-toyota-museum live demonstrations of real live old school looms that we were able to fully understand the details behind them.
Engineers in heaven.
Then it moved on to the automotive section of Toyota and talked about how it got started and the process.
Back in the 1930s the son of Toyota started reverse engineering American automobiles to learn to make a car.
He started with a truck and moved on to a personal vehicle.
In just a few years he had a fully operational production line set up to produce these cars.
At that time the company renamed itself from Toyoda to Toyota to clarify the sound separate the family from company and make the strokes from 10 to 8 8 is a lucky number in Japan meaning good fortune and future success - guess it worked.
Then we walked into the candy store part of the museum.
They had broken down the components of the car to the point where you could see into the engine transition etc.
They had moving demonstrations and videos that clearly outlined how everything worked best part is the demonstrations were with real components not just plastic replacements.
We spent the rest of our time 2.1431417153.2-toyota-museum jumping from thing to thing and then walking through their mock setup production line.
We could push buttons that ran live operating machines like those on the operation floor forging drive shafts stamping out doors painting the car welding the body and assembling the pieces.
SO COOL! There were some completed cars on showcase that were exciting to see.
That included the original car and truck.
The truck had brushes covering its wheels to clean off the mud from the unpaved roads of the 30s/40s.
We could have spent another hour in the museum but unfortunately it was closing time.
The end of our tour was with a Toyota robot that could play the violin there seems to be a big competition between companies to come up with the first real life helpful robot - the one at the Innovation Museum in Tokyo was from Honda.
We headed back out into the pouring rain to catch a train back to Nagoya Station so we could redirect ourselves on a subway line to Lukes apartment.
Luckily he lived a short 10 minutes walk away from the subway so while we were wet it could have easily been worse.
Unburdening ourselves 2.1431417153.evening-drinks at Lukes and changing into dry clothes we headed into the weather in a car this time! to go to a nice restaurant.
Luke told us this would be an experience dinner.
The dinner was in multiple courses and we got two different types so we could all share the food to try everything.
We ate through maybe 8 different sets of dishes with everything from sushi to soup to dessert.
Luke ordered us a special roll to top off the meal - he quietly warned me to just hang back and watch the boys eat it.
The laughing staff tipped us off that it woudl be something different.
Fred saw it was green and made a comment about it being mint.
One bite later his face was hilarious! A special roll is just rice and seaweed rolled around a bunch of wasabi.
Tyler didnt seem as surprised since he went second but it definitely hit him too! Somehow the three of them finished the entire thing off.
Overall it was a beautiful dinner and we were all surprised by the impressive amount of Japanese that Luke knew after only being in the country for 8 months.
Not ready for 2.1431417153.3-toyota-museum the night to end the boys convinced Luke to bring us to a bar nearby.
Luke was obviously a regular here because all the bartenders knew him and came right over to help us out.
Of course the guys wanted some Japanese whiskey so the bartender hooked them up with some really good stuff.
I enjoyed my little cocktail while they raved about the whiskeys they were trying.
Fred had to compare to the stuff he tried at the Tokyo bar Nemo.
We proceeded to regail Luke with our crazy stories from the trip so far.
Meanwhile Fred was munching away on the nut mixture the bartender provided us I have no idea how they were hungry after that huge dinner.
Fred acidentally ate one of the pistachios thinking it was a cashew with its shell on.
One of the crackers was wrapped up as well.
Fred somehow misunderstood that it was chocolate so popped the whole thing in his mouth.
Next thing we know hes practically on the floor crying! It was a wasabi cracker and even worse than the special roll! Lucky to have Luke along our bar tab only totalled 1000 yen! To close out 2.1431417153.4-toyota-museum the night Luke took us down the street to a video game bar to challege Fred to Golden Eye.
He destroyed us all at the game.
So instead we had to challenge him to something different.
It took Fred awhile to find something since it was all in Japanese but we ended up playing Smash Brothers! I was excited because I hadnt played that game since college but actually knew what i was doing unlike some of the other games.
I did a pretty good job holding my own but Fred wiped the floor with us on that one.
Soon we were all exhausted especially since we had another early morning the next day.
However Luke had too much to drive us home so we had an adventure with Tyler trying to drive us back to Lukes apartment.
It would have been fine but all three of us were backseat driving the entire trip back.
It took no time at all for all of us to crash.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 10 Displayed 10 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Bobbi Wendorff bwendorff Joined May 21st 2017 Trips 2 Last Login September 10th 2019 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 57 Guestbook 0 Photos 451 Forum Posts 0 blog=965875 blogger=370342 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=965875 blogger=370342 Advertisement Brief history of Japan In 1603 a Tokugawa shogunate military dictatorship ushered in a long period of isolation from foreign influence in order to secure its power.
For 250 years this policy enabled Japan to enjoy stability and a flowering of its indigenous culture.
Fol...more history Trips Bobbis South America Trip August 22nd 2013 -» September 8th 2013 Spain 2019 March 20th 2019 -» ongoing 2.1431417153.5-toyota-museum 2.1431417153.6-toyota-museum 2.1431417153.wasabi-crackers Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Aichi » Nagoya » Blogs » It was Good but it was Weird Tot 0.066s Tpl 0.031s cc 11 qc 25 dbt 0.0174s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.2mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Bobbi Wendorff bwendorff - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2892 ttl 3600 left 708 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
