menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Hiroshima » Hiroshima » Blogs » Typhoon Day Typhoon Day « Previous Entry Next Entry » Japan 2018 Advertisement Asia » Japan » Hiroshima » Hiroshima July 3rd 2018 Published July 3rd 2018Edit Blog Post CrosbysAtLarge Woke very early this morning.
We have a train to catch to Hiroshima and wanted to get away early.
Alarm was set for 600 but we were both up before the alarm went off to finish packing bags before heading down to breakfast.
We chose the Japanese breakfast this morning.
It was a beautiful selection of tasty morsels of fish rice chicken miso soup and some fruit to finish with.
Portions were sensible and it was an excellent start to the day.
Because we were up so early we were able to transfer to an earlier train once we were at the station.
Again our timing with catching trains and busses has been amazing.
We arrived at the station around 745 swapped our tickets and were pulling out of the station at 800 bound for Hiroshima.
The bullet trains are amazing.
All things considered its such a smooth ride and you really feel the power as they take off and Ive always preferred train travel over flying as you can see more around you as your travel.
Arrive at Hiroshima and after a chat in the information centre went to drop our bags at the bag drop so we could get on with the day more quickly.
Found out that they had a hotel delivery service as well as a bag drop which worked perfectly for us.
Caught a local train to Miyajima and a ferry across to the island and spent about 4 hours wandering around looking at the village and a number of the shrines etc on the island.
A very interesting place.
We returned to Hiroshima and went to the castle and then the A-Bomb Dome which is where the first atomic bomb was dropped.
These ruins were basically the only remnants of the city after the bomb as everything else was flattened for miles.
It rained while we were there but only gently.
We had heard that there was a typhoon predicted somewhere in Japan but this was clearly not the place.
It was while photographing the dome that Bretts camera stopped working! We went up to a lookout tower for a panoramic view of the area and watched the sun go down and the city lights start to go on.
Very relaxing after what had been a long day.
Our final stretch was to wander through Peace Park before heading to the hotel.
We stopped for a quick bite to eat and then across the road to the hotel.
Both of us were very tired so we turned in early.
Random thought for the day toilets on the bullet train are much bigger than on a plane! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Brett Crosby CrosbysAtLarge blog=1019368 blogger=363429 Blog Map Trips 3 Print Version Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Hiroshima » Hiroshima » Blogs » Typhoon Day Tot 3.115s Tpl 0.015s cc 9 qc 49 dbt 0.0416s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Brett Crosby CrosbysAtLarge - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 915 ttl 3600 left 2685 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
