menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Malaysia » Penang » George Town » Blogs » Penang Malasia - February 15 to March 7 Penang Malasia - February 15 to March 7th « Previous Entry Asia Adventure 2020 Advertisement Asia » Malaysia » Penang » George Town March 14th 2020 Published March 19th 2020Edit Blog Post Ron Darold Art in Streets of Georgetown with little girl We were so fortunate to book a Home Exchange at 8 Gurney in Penang.
We had the entire 6000 sq.
ft.
17th floor penthouse to ourselves! Lazy days spent at the pool soaking the sun up at Batu Ferringhi Beach and exploring Georgetown an UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Our apartment was like a museum Buddha statues inside and on the wrap around balcony gorgeous Chinese pottery Art pieces everywhere and Asian Bric Brac scattered throughout.
In Penang we are introduced to Grab the company that put Uber out of business in Malaysia.
Our condo is centrally located so grab fares to Batu Ferringhi beach is about $6 Can/18 RM and Georgetown $2 Can/6 RM.
What a foodie paradise.
So many restaurants and street food markets.
We rarely spent more than $30 Can/90 RM for a dinner that usually include 2 to 4 drinks! Such a range of international foods Chinese Malaysian Japanese Mexican Italian Irish and we even tried a Syrian restaurant.
Love Lane was a favourite go to in Georgetown as they had live music and so many restaurants – a popular destination for the backpack crowd.
One meal that we loved and was very unusual was Delicious Expresso Chicken! at the Wheeler coffee bar and restaurant Expresso Chicken.
A nicely cooked breaded boneless chicken on a bed of mashed potatoes and covered with asparagus and carrot spears.
The plate was swimming in a yummy sauce of heavy cream milk with a touch of sugar.
It was served with a cup of expresso that you poured over it for a delicious and unique flavoured sauce.
To die for! I also discovered and love Mango sticky rice warm mango over a bed of rice and drenched in coconut milk.
Georgetown was interesting to explore from Fort Cornwallis to the pier restaurants and Ferry docks to Little India and the art streets painted with unique murals.
Architecture ranged from old colonial homes to Mosques and Temples – always something to see as you wandered through the streets.
A trip to the top of Penang Hill with the Habitat - Langur Way Canopy Walk giving you a feel for what the original jungle was like before the British clear cut the hill.
The Walk included the nest and viewpoints that had large swings to enjoy – a perfect 1 hour saunter! The top of the hill had Darold in Jungle on Penang Hill a lot of historic buildings including a Mosque and a Buddhist Temple.
A highlight was the Kek Lok Si Buddhist Temple sprawling at the base of Penang Hill.
Penang Hill is actually a range of hills and the Kek Lok Si Temple had the original verticle train that took you up to the huge statue of Kek Lok Si.
Batu Ferringhi Beach was our regular beach with a Night Market in the streets and beach restaurants along its 4 km stretch.
Our favourites were Bora Bora and Frandys at the far end of the beach.
Both had tables for dinner right on the beach and food was delicious.
The Blue Cheese steak at Frandys another to die for dinner! Monkey Beach was a lovely quiet and clean beach that you could hike to in 2 to 3 hours through the jungle in the National Park or take a boat to from the National Park Gate only 50 RM each way for the 2 of us about $33 Can return.
We brought our own picnic lunch but there were restaurants on the beach and of course lots of monkeys! Giant reclining Buddha at Thai Buddhist temple - Penang We ended our time in Penang visiting the Reclining Buddha at the Wat Chayamangkalaram Thai Temple on our last day after a night celebrating St.
Patricks day celebrated from March 5th to 7th at the Healy Mac Irish Pub at Straight Quay.
We had fun drinking and dancing to an Irish Elvis Impersonator with Jennifer and her friends! Jennifer was the housekeeper who worked for the owners of our Home Exchange and she was delightful.
She advised us as our tour guide during our 3 week stay and we soon became friends.
It was a nice perk at this home exchange since she came 3 times a week to clean.
We only had to clean up after ourselves! PS When we left Penang there were no cases of COVID-19.
We spoke with Jennifer on March 18th and she and many others are now isolating themselves and Penang now has recorded cases.
As this is the major issue on all of our minds we have been diligently watching as the world pandemic unfolds.
Darold and I have now booked a flight to return to Canada from Phuket Thailand cutting our Asia Adventure short.
Watch for my travel blog At the highest restaurant on Penang Hill of our time in Thailand.
It may be written as we are in self and government recommended Quarantine in Canada!!! « Previous Entry Additional photos below Photos 38 Displayed 25 « Back 1 2 Next » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Ron Schuster Ron Darold TP PROFILE Former TravelPod Member ronschuster Joined January 19th 2008 From lives in Nanaimo British Columbia Canada...
full info Joined October 1st 2017 Trips 3 Last Login March 26th 2020 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 54 Guestbook 14 Photos 443 Forum Posts 0 blog=1049067 blogger=376536 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=1049067 blogger=376536 Advertisement Brief history of Malaysia During the late 18th and 19th centuries Great Britain established colonies and protectorates in the area of current Malaysia these were occupied by Japan from 1942 to 1945.
In 1948 the British-ruled territories on the Malay Peninsula formed the Fe...more history Trips 2008 Around the World Trip!!! January 4th 2008 -» July 1st 2008 Ron and Darold’s Travel Blog 2017 October 1st 2017 -» December 20th 2017 Asia Adventure 2020 February 7th 2020 -» May 10th 2020 View of Georgetown from Penang Hill Boy with Binoculars on Penang Hill R & D Monkeys in the Jungle - Penang Hill.
R & D At the highest restaurant on Penang Hill Lord Ganesh at Hindu temple in Georgetown Fort Cornwallis - Georgetown Cannon Row at Fort Cornwallis - Georgetown Clock tower in Georgetown Architecture in Georgetown A UNESCO world site The Cruise Ship Building in Georgetown View from Georgetown across to the Mainland Fabulous restaurants on the Pier Along the west coast of Georgetown My pretty party dress On the restaurant pier in Georgetown Toilet Taken at Swiss restaurant in Georgetown Penang Buddha at 8 Gurney with coast line view in BG.
Opulent furnishing at 8 Gurney our Home Exchange « Back 1 2 Next » Travel Blog » Asia » Malaysia » Penang » George Town » Blogs » Penang Malasia - February 15 to March 7 Tot 3.281s Tpl 0.02s cc 7 qc 48 dbt 0.0517s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Ron Schuster Ron Darold - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306052 age 2896 ttl 3600 left 704 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
