menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bathurst » Blogs » 41 Central NSW & Bathurst 4 July...
41 Central NSW & Bathurst 4 July « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bathurst July 4th 2012 Published July 4th 2012Edit Blog Post DonPattie Junee Licorice Factory We’ve not moved a lot this week as we’ve only traveled from Canberra to Dubbo but it’s been fun.
The land is generally well-farmed which we judge by the standard of the farm houses and machinery.
Gently rolling mostly sheep with some cropping and some cattle.
Little bit of grapes and others too.
The countryside is fairly hilly in the east and flattens slowly the further west you go.
Wagga Wagga known to the locals as Wagga has about 40000 people and is the largest inland town in NSW.
It is on the Murrumbidgee River and is almost exactly half way between Sydney and Melbourne.
We took a drive out to Narrandera which is inside the fruit fly exclusion zone so had to dump a few apples.
There was no inspection so don’t know how it works.
We stayed two nights at Junee just north of Wagga.
Junee has a chocolate and licorice factory which is a compulsory stop.
Pure licorice tastes somewhat like cinnamon.
The major ingredient is molasses.
North to Bathurst.
On the way we passed through Cowra which has a lovely Japanese Garden constructed after WW2.
At Bathurst we met up again with Ken and Junee Hotel Marlene Southwell for a few days.
Ken comes up for the Bathurst races every year and has a great campsite very near the end of Conrod Straight.
The track is a public road with a speed limit of 60kmh and is full of walkers runners and skateboarders.
On Conrod Straight we got passed by a couple of skateboarders! It’s very steep too.
Due to photos traffic etc we weren’t able to challenge the course record.
Then west to Parkes through a few small agricultural towns which were quite similar.
Parkes has a large radio telescope which is the only tourist attraction around.
The campground was quite funny as it sloped everywhere and it was entertaining watching arrivals trying to find a level spot and failing.
Parkes mostly grows wool and wheat but they have just opened a gold and copper mine north of the town.
Again!!! B..… lucky Australians.
Finally north to Dubbo where we have been for a few days.
Ken & Marlene were with us and we did the town’s attractions – the old Gaol and the Western Plains Zoo now run by Taronga in Sydney.
The zoo keeps assorted animals in fairly large enclosures where Cowra Japanese Garden they have plenty of room.
The temperatures were very cold so the animals were pretty miserable but the spectators were cold too.
On Tuesday we said farewell to Ken & Marlene.
When we were staying with them in Canberra we worried a little that we were imposing but when we left they came with us!!! Don’s great grandfather lived and died in nearby Narromine so it was good to do a bit of research.
We’re glad he left the town as it’s typical of outback rural towns – on what looks like a slow decline.
Anyway most if not all of the rellie’s left years ago Don’s grandfather coming to NZ between 1900 and 1905.
The great-grandparents are buried in Narromine Cemetery and the grave is still in good condition.
Scroll down past the ads etc for more photos.
P+D 4 July 2012 « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 13 Displayed 13 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Don & Pattie Hargrave DonPattie We are two Kiwis who have travelled quite a bit in Australia as we love golf and tramping etc.
We are now on a journey around Australia travelling in a counter-clockwise direction starting from Southern Queensland....
full info Joined March 30th 2011 Trips 0 Last Login August 26th 2012 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 47 Guestbook 76 Photos 478 Forum Posts 0 blog=727942 blogger=195589 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=727942 blogger=195589 Advertisement Cowra More gardens Bathurst 1 Bathurst 2 No lap record Bathurst 3 Passes by skateboarders! Bathurst 4 Under the bridge Parkes Elvis Display Parkes Museum Parkes Telescope Dubbo zoo Dubbo zoo Rare blue kingfisher Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bathurst » Blogs » 41 Central NSW & Bathurst 4 July...
Tot 2.976s Tpl 0.118s cc 10 qc 46 dbt 0.1149s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Don & Pattie Hargrave DonPattie - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
