menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Strasbourg » Blogs » Strasbourg Strasbourg « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » France » Alsace » Strasbourg June 4th 2017 Published June 4th 2017Edit Blog Post Pertunia22 Strasbourg City streets Short stay in Strasbourg Taxi to the train station was way cheaper than the reverse trip from the train station didnt get charged for luggage for a start and base charge was under 30 francs proves we had a rip off artist originally.
Our train tickets didnt have carriage or seat numbers and we had heaps of time so decided to check it out with the ticket office turns out our connecting train from Basil to Strasbourg had been cancelled nice of someone to advise us! Fortunately the gentleman who served us was excellent and he sorted out a new connection which departed less than an hour later than the original one and explained that the station in Basel was undergoing renovation and our train would leave from a platform that was not part of the main terminal and we would have to walk out of the terminal building and down an alley to get to our platform.
This information was really helpful otherwise I think we would have been really confused and would have second guessed ourselves when trying to find the train.
Made it to Strasbourg mid afternoon dropped our bags into our beautifully air conditioned Strasbourg Cathedral room and caught a tram into the central part of Strasbourg.
It is very beautiful all old picturesque buildings eateries tourist and fashion shops all extremely touristy not sure if this is the main town or if only the tourists hang out here.
We walked for a few hours visited a very beautiful cathedral which had major cracks running right through it considered myself very brave to stay in there! We eventually found petite France took lots of photos had a drink in a bar where we were the only people over 30 let alone over 50 and finally found somewhere for dinner that was open before 7 pm just! Day 2 Not an exciting read sorry woke with a stinking headache got up had breakfast and went back to sleep until 12 by the time I woke we were having a thunder and lightening storm and raining.
Read our books for a couple of hours to see if it cleared in the end gave up and walked to tram in the rain had another wander around town tried to catch one of the boats that go round the river but it was fully booked for the day Strasbourg Gareth the Gargoyle well after 2 pm so found a place for a quick lunch.
Two ladies at table next to us had the oddest lunch the first one had ice cream covered in cream in a little bowl the second had a dish of whipped cream then ten minutes after they finished the ice cream lady had a refill of ice cream then a few minutes later a huge bowl of whipped cream arrived and they both proceeded to eat that never going to question my food choices again if bowls of whipped cream eating is acceptable lunch habits.
Headache still an issue so after wandering about got another half hour took the tram back to hotel for another 3 hour nap.
Dinner in the hotel and watched the football on the TV in the bar at the hotel no commentary couldnt have understood it anyway but they had a singer and a keyboard player playing at the same time as the game was on I think all the guys watching the game would have happily told them to buggar off but obviously not an option.
Chatted to some lovely older German ladies for a while one spoke excellent English Strasbourg Stained glass beauty and translated for everyone they are on a bus tour for a few days and were very funny particularly the one who spoke English.
Leave tomorrow for Franfurt so will be just a travel day and we have found out today that everything will be shut for the two days we are there as its Sunday when we get there and public holiday Monday and as much as our media like to proclaim we are the only country in the world that closes shops etc occasionally  how can we possibly be a nation that welcomes tourists when our shops shut Easter we are in fact open more often than any other country we have visited in Europe who seem to be regularly closed Sundays and anything that vaguely represents a public holiday.
Stepping down from soapbox now.
cya! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 17 Displayed 17 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Vicky Plant Pertunia22 TP PROFILE Former TravelPod Member pertunia22 Joined March 22nd 2013From lives in New Zealand...
full info Joined May 23rd 2017 Trips 1 Last Login June 29th 2017 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 28 Guestbook 39 Photos 708 Forum Posts 0 blog=966769 blogger=370400 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=966769 blogger=370400 Advertisement Trips Europe/UK Epic Adventure April 30th 2015 -» July 27th 2015 Strasbourg More stained glass Strasbourg Inside the cathedral Strasbourg Oh yeah thats broke! Strasbourg Stained glass illuminated Strasbourg Artist at work Strasbourg Whose that on the bridge Strasbourg Covered bridge Strasbourg Pretty Strasbourg River beauty Strasbourg Interesting old houses Strasbourg The house are pretty anyway Strasbourg River view Strasbourg My yummy French type dinner Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Strasbourg » Blogs » Strasbourg Tot 2.941s Tpl 0.079s cc 9 qc 49 dbt 0.0641s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Vicky Plant Pertunia22 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
