menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar » Blogs » Colmar and Surrounds Colmar and Surrounds « Previous Entry Next Entry » The Happy Travellers in Europe Again.
Advertisement Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar June 18th 2015 Published June 21st 2015Edit Blog Post Miltonrabbit Colmar Thursday 18 June 2015 Its time to have a look at the real Alsace and experience some of the beautiful villages as well as the town of Colmar.
From our accommodation in Mulhouse it was not a long drive to Colmar so we arrived fresh and ready for action.
We were all set to follow our guidebooks advice on the best carpark to use but with the vital road to same closed alternative arrangements were necessary.
We have always found that when in doubt heading for Centre Ville is a sure way to find the carparks.
Sure enough after some interesting negotiation of narrow streets we emerged to see an almost new parking building our first in France.
In we went well pleased that not too many other tourists had got in before us.
Colmar presented us with immaculately decorated half timbered houses some with walls at crazy angles window boxes flower baskets delightful narrow lanes little canals with many bridges in some areas plenty of restaurants and shops as well as plenty of tourists to take advantage of all on offer.
The gingerbread man story was brought to life with every kind of merchandise imaginable widely available.
The Colmar Bright cheerful flowers everywhere.
storks that are encouraged to nest atop steeples also will be due royalties from all the soft toy versions hanging enticingly outside gift shops.
We wandered and appreciated all the charms of this popular town then with a rain shower starting we used our map to get back to the car and left to explore other Alsace delights.
Knowing we couldnt possibly do justice to all the lovely villages in the area we decided to spend the most time in Eguisheim which was highly recommended in our trusty guidebook.
But first we wanted to track down an American World War ll memorial to those who died helping to liberate Alsace.
Tracking this down was easier said than done.
We knew it was on top of a hill near Kayserburg  and being American expected to see that in the signage pointing the way.
Eventually we found the elusive memorial by following a sign pointing us to a necropolis.
The memorial is on what is still known by the locals as Bloody Hill.
Further on is a French cemetery containing the graves of 1600 soldiers including many moslems from North Africa who fought and died.
On a clear day you Colmar can see across Alsace and away into Germany from this point.
Eguisheim is not far south of Colmar and is seemed to us just as pretty but on a smaller scale.
It is a village made for strolling stopping admiring and photographing.
We did all that then suddenly weariness descended and we headed back to the modern world lest we fall asleep and do a Rip Van Winkle in Eguisheim.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 9 Displayed 9 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 4 Message Chris & Marilyn Miltonrabbit The happy travellers....
full info Joined August 31st 2008 Trips 2 Last Login August 10th 2019 Followers 4 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 365 Guestbook 117 Photos 1588 Forum Posts 2 blog=887933 blogger=89207 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=887933 blogger=89207 Advertisement Colmar Little Venice Colmar The latest in dresser design.
Colmar Storks taking up residence on the local church.
Eguisheim Walking in the gingerbread house town.
Eguisheim Walking la Grand Rue Blood Hill French Military Cemetery Travel Blog » Europe » France » Alsace » Colmar » Blogs » Colmar and Surrounds Tot 3.206s Tpl 0.018s cc 11 qc 48 dbt 0.0538s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Chris & Marilyn Miltonrabbit - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
