menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Middle East Â» Israel Â» Center District Â» Kfar Saba Â» Blogs Â» Israel and Hezbollah Prisoner Swap Israel and Hezbollah Prisoner Swap Â« Previous Entry Advertisement Middle East Â» Israel Â» Center District Â» Kfar Saba July 1st 2008 Published July 1st 2008Edit Blog Post firejessi Our Captured Soldiers Until they are released - dead or alive - Israel will not rest.
My heart goes out to their families.
Hello Shalom Salam Bonjour! Besides being on crutches which is not so much fun in my life I tend to keep myself busy with writing.
Not that you would actually know that from my horrible habit of not uploading new blogs but rest assured I do write on a fairly consistent basis.
Now because of my injury that seems like all I have time to do! ð?˜? and ð?˜? Anyhow one of my newest writing endeavors involves writing for Instablogs which is a concept based out of India where many bloggers or Citizen Journalists come together and report on different news items in the world.
The tagline is that Everyone has an opinion.
Now if that isnt the place for me and my writing then I dont know where it is.
Which speaking of I love Travelblog here but it seems to me like I should perhaps move my blog to a more wider network such as Blogger or WordPress? I guess I must contemplate this a bit more...or I could just cross-post and stay here as well.
ACK! I think too much...
Ok back to Instablogs.
As a Citizen Journalist CJ I am responsible for writing daily an 2nd Lebanon War Some of the massive destruction this country endured the summer of 2006.
article on anything that I want but mainly a focus on politics and society in where I live.
Being a dual-citizen this of course give me free range for both Israel and the United States which to be honest is enough fodder to fill up many many blog pages on the vast internet.
Instablogs newest addition to their already impressive arsenal of tools is the Global Report  which takes the top news headlines from around the world and puts it together in a daily show.
Certain news stories and their respective CJs are chosen to do short 60 second voice-over clips and its all put together into a narrated news reel complete with video music and pictures to illustrate the articles being talked about.
Just like you would see on TV.
Its rather fascinating actually and Im pretty proud to be a member of this project.
You can hear my latest addition to the Global Report here as well as my latest opinion article on the Israel and Hezbollah Prisoner Swap here! By the way sorry for heavy linkage going on within my blog here - Im getting used to it writing for various other people.
Please do Dont Worry...Its not Loaded This was me in 2004.
Im pretty sure the soldiers broke some type of law by allowing me to handle their weapons.
But it did spark my interest in wanting to serve the IDF - minus the pink shirt.
bookmark and check out Instablogs however on a daily basis - youll see a bunch alright - 5 so far! of articles written by me as well as talented people from all over the world.
You may leave comments star articles so that they are moved to the front page hint hint - this is also how I get paid - if my articles are accepted by the general community I get paid a certain amount of money! and see other citizens opinions of world wide news not just newspapers and other sometimes biased media.
Also up on the writing block is Online Casino Reports in which unless youre rather slow - this is an online forum for gamblers to meet and read news articles opinion pieces etc.
Im not a gambler myself - in fact Im too cheap to gamble because I barely have enough money to pay my rent let alone waste it on cards and such but the sad fact is that a lot of the freelance writing jobs here in Israel are for online casinoes.
Im not particularly interested in this but I am interested in that they pay my bills! Firefighting Some updates View in Lebanon Courtesy of yours truly...this was taken at an army outpost I was in looking into Lebanon.
if you may.
* I have spoken with the Fire Commissioner himself of Israel and he assures me no...
guarantees me a position in a fire department here in Israel.
He didnt say where and he didnt say when only that he is in arguments with the Ministry of Finance to allocate enough money to fund an additional 135 new firefighters salaries - of which I would be one of those new ffs.
Now not to be cynical or anything but this is now the 5th person to guarantee me a position in a fire department and yes even though it is the fire commissioner himself the grand poo-bah if you will Im not holding my breath.
Plus if I have to wait on a Ministry of well...anything....in Israel to get up off its tukus anytime soon and spend money I may as well be 80 years old and no longer able to fight fires.
Well see what happens.
* It has come to my attention that I am being considered for a military contract position for firefighting in Antarctica for the upcoming season.
Yes - that big block of ice that has the South Pole Tel Aviv Aerial Ladder Truck Oh my baby...I will be on you soon.
and penguins all over it place at the bottom of the Earth.
No I am not crazy.
Ok..well maybe I am crazy.
But this job will be specifically for firefighting which is my career and passion if you havent noticed and it pays between $600-650 USD/week which means that 1 week of pay down there = 1 month of rent here.
It would be a 6 month post and an adventure for sure.
I just filled out the 2nd step in the application process after they tell you theyre interested so perhaps this is a good sign.
Alright...enough for now.
Till next time.
×?×”×™×˜×¨×•×ª!! Â« Previous Entry Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Jessi firejessi Im a firefighter and EMT moving from the United States to Israel in 2007.
About to embark on some world travels and find out who I really am or who I want to be.
This should be an interesting time......
full info Joined January 24th 2007 Trips 0 Last Login March 9th 2010 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 28 Guestbook 20 Photos 151 Forum Posts 2 blog=294000 blogger=30850 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=294000 blogger=30850 Advertisement Brief history of Israel Following World War II the British withdrew from their mandate of Palestine and the UN partitioned the area into Arab and Jewish states an arrangement rejected by the Arabs.
Subsequently the Israelis defeated the Arabs in a series of wars without...more history Travel Blog Â» Middle East Â» Israel Â» Center District Â» Kfar Saba Â» Blogs Â» Israel and Hezbollah Prisoner Swap Tot 2.592s Tpl 0.035s cc 12 qc 36 dbt 0.0819s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Jessi firejessi - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
