menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Barcelona » Blogs » Peter Piper Picked a Peck of Pockets Peter Piper Picked a Peck of Pockets « Previous Entry Next Entry » Create New TripSE Asia Sojourn to Visit Old Friends Advertisement Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Barcelona August 25th 2018 Published August 25th 2018Edit Blog Post golfkat A pick Whenever any of my friends go to Spain I try to warn them about pickpockets.
It turns out according to Trip Advisor that Barcelona is ranked at the top of cities for pickpockets.
Madrid comes in fourth.
Rounding out the five are Rome Prague and Paris.
Europe makes up eight of the top ten! Hanoi and Buenos Aires are the only cities outside of Europe on the Pick Ten.
Where might you be safest? Trip Advisor says Iceland! Most cities in Japan are safe with Kyoto the safest.
I agree! Less than an hour from many U.S.
cities Montreal is a safe place for travelers especially the solo traveler.
Ireland just a hop skip and jump from eastern cities is another safe haven for travelers of al kinds.
Here at home the obvious city to avoid Peter Piper would be New York City.
But older downtown areas in cities like Atlanta Los Angeles Washington DC Chicago and Detroit are home to many Peter Piper wannabees.
But the main reason this article strikes out Culprits? on is the reason why Spain is prime for Mr.
Piper.
It is the prevalence of gypsies or gypsy-like bands of people.
They quickly gather around tourists find myriad ways to distract you and even try to touch your face! During this period of distraction any number of methods are used to grab your money or passport.
The most clever is making a quick slit on the bottom of your purse or backpack with a sharp blade razor or knife.
The contents drop easily and quickly into waiting hands while you are distracted by the touching.
Or other forms of distraction and confusion.
Having been to Spain numerous times I can spot these bands of gypsies quite easily.
But often they come up from behind or from the side when you least suspect them.
Crowded buses and public transport are also easy pickings for them.
In Rome young women are the easiest prey.
Why? The tall dark and handsome Italian man often distracts young women looking for romance or at least a coffee date.
However Paris and Prague utilize Crowds both methods gypsies and handsome men!! While I did not encounter issues in Hanoi or Buenos Aires I can imagine the scenario particularly in the poorer neighborhoods.
A favorite ploy in Hanoi is the moto or motorbike.
When you grab a cheap ride to the Opera House your back pocket is in a prime location for Peter Piper.
Or in Buenos Aires they send a pretty girl wanting to teach you the tango.
Fortunately I had Mr.
Mike with me and they may not have been gypsies though it crossed my mind during the photo shoot and tipping process.
So what do I do to prevent this from happening? I carry only about $100 in cash leave my wallet and credit cards in the hotel safe.
I also carry a COPY of my passport not the real thing!!! And my pocket is secured in some fashion with a zipper preferably.
Front pockets are better than back pockets.
I attach a thick rubber band around my money clip to increase friction during removal.
I never carry a backpack or laptop case.
Anywhere! Of course it goes without saying to avoid wearing flashy jewelry and smart clothing.
My trips are not fashion shows! Shoes are often a good indication of what is in your wallet.
Wear comfortable but well worn shoes.
And never flip flops as you will not be able to run very far or very fast in them.
And your cell phone? Carry it in a pocket.
Holding it in your hand staring down at the phone is the most vulnerable position possible.
Pull it out only when you are sure it is safe to do so.
I know that sounds obvious and rather cautious but phones are worth as much as credit cards to the right Peter Piper.
Bottom line just be smart always vigilant and never get into a place or situation where you might be at risk!!! Easy for me to say but my years of travel have taught me a few things.
This is one! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 15 Message Gerry Kataoka golfkat Instead of a long discourse on where I have been how about I ask you to read something I have written that might interest you.
And likewise please share with me some of your best adventures and thoughts? People ask where is your favorite place? Two actually the Amazon rainforest and Angkor complex in Siem Reap.
But then again I enjoy many places having been to all fifty of our United States.
I love our National Parks.
I dont count places but I do count experiences and friends.
...
full info Joined May 7th 2007 Trips 4 Last Login June 10th 2020 Followers 15 Status BLOGGER Follows 2 Blogs 298 Guestbook 260 Photos 2982 Forum Posts 33 blog=1022899 blogger=37883 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=1022899 blogger=37883 Advertisement Trips Air and Land Around the World by Plane and Train The Trans Siberian Railway May 4th 2014 -» May 28th 2014 Another Trip to SE Asia October 5th 2015 -» October 22nd 2015 Create New TripSE Asia Sojourn to Visit Old Friends July 23rd 2018 -» ongoing Cycling and Cruising in Croatia October 10th 2020 -» October 17th 2020 Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » Barcelona » Blogs » Peter Piper Picked a Peck of Pockets Tot 0.035s Tpl 0.017s cc 8 qc 24 dbt 0.0075s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.2mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Gerry Kataoka golfkat - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306051 age 2896 ttl 3600 left 704 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
