menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bathurst » Blogs » More New England Highway More New England Highway « Previous Entry Next Entry » Queensland and Return Shakedown Trip June 2012 Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bathurst June 24th 2012 Published June 24th 2012Edit Blog Post Bolarks Lake Windamere We finally headed out from Beardy Creek on Wednesday after three days of sitting in the sun thawing out after being frozen overnight in the van.
At the same time as we were sitting in the sun reading the van had all windows open with the fan blowing air through to dry the ice from the previous night.
At 345pm each day we would retreat inside again to recommence the icing process.
Even so we would recommend this site for free camping but have your own porta potti for summer.
There is a 48 hour limit – we stayed 72 hours! We had been so bone idle we had not even bothered to do any sightseeing or even going into Glenn Innes to buy bread or fresh vegetables preferring to live off the cruskettes and vegetables I dried using by dehydrator.
We were planning on staying overnight in Merriwa but when we got there we discovered that the caravan park was right next to the highway and the caretaker was missing.
As we were planning to stay somewhere and pay money to use their electricity to completely dry out the moisture on the inside of the van we chose Sunrise Cassilis to move on to a little town called Cassilis.
This is a town of 110 people.
The Camping ground is next to the bowling club who now manage the site.
The BC opens every day from 5-7pm minimum and they serve meals on Friday nights.
Darn we were there on Thursday.
You have to go to the BC to pay.
We were early so hooked ourselves up to a powered site and set up all the water etc.
We had electricity water brand new toilet and shower block with hot water grassed site all for $10 a night.
Highly recommended.
We had the place to ourselves.
We worked out how to use our reverse cycle air conditioner and set it to the minimum of 16c for overnight imagining that we would be having the minus minimum temperature issues of the past few days.
Woke up to find that the minimum appeared to have been 14.2c.
But there was no condensation inside which was a bonus.
When I wandered outside I came across the most beautiful sunrise photo is attached.
As we prepared to leave we noticed black clouds heading towards us.
Of yes the last Sofala 1 250 kms to Perthville were done through horrible rain mist etc.
It is not fun travelling along minor roads up and down windy hilly road in these conditions with large trucks trying to force you to go faster and all the signs saying things like slippery when wet or slippery when icy.
Some of the bends in the roads were very sharp indeed.
We stopped in a tiny town called Sofala for lunch where we had steak sandwiches and I relished a pot of tea inside the small general store which was lovely and warm.
Outside it was about 8c and miserable.
Interesting little gold mining ghost town with some wonderful run down buildings.
There are lots of free camping sites along the river very close to the town.
We will be back to revisit.
All the way the scenery was exceptional.
Finally we found our way to Mudgee didn’t recognise the names of any of the wineries and on to Perthville and Dave and Shirley’s house.
Lovely to catch up with friends it has been 7 years since we saw them in the flesh.
They now live on top of a hill in rural splendour Sofala 2 on 15 acres and have 360 degree views.
Fabulous .
Saturday we lined up and watched Dave and Shirley open up their brand new Cub Supermatic Drover camper.
The manuals for these things are not quite Chinglese but they come close.
It is now sitting in splendour on their back lawn and being wet down on a regular basis to cure the canvas to stop it leaking later on.
We explored porta potties¸ and have been showing them the set up we have with a media centre and hard drives which contain our movies and TV shows.
The boys have spent time talking software and how to set the whole thing up.
Later Dave took us for a drive around Mount Panorama where they hold the motor races.
People actually live along the track.
The bends and turns are frightening¸ how the drivers keep their nerve is beyond me.
The view from the top is beautiful.
Today Sunday when I woke up and opened the blind I found another magic sunrise here at Perthville 9 kms from Bathurst.
Later we went off to BCF Bunnings and Supercheap Auto to purchase a variety of items mainly for My name is Sam Dave and Shirley.
Before departing the dog Sam was locked into his pen with a large marrow bone which he insisted on showing us with glee.
Then on to Lucknow so GMan could get some new ugg boots.
His are coming apart.
He wouldn’t agree to a purchase of a hot pink lambs wool for Fray’s bed.
I would have gotten an electric blue one for Ratty as well.
We lunched at a former Cobb and co inn at Vittoria before returning to rural bliss.
I of course was wandering around with my eyes shut and managed to trip over a hose pipe and came down heavily on my right knee back of my right hand and my NOSE.
I have scratches but am fine.
Hopefully the nose will clear up quickly.
What I managed to do was to break two of the glasses in our wineglass holder I was bringing to show Shirley because they dont bang together and break in the van! Off to Holly Jean and Alias on Tuesday.
Sounds like Barunduda is also very cold.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 13 Displayed 13 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message Christine Bolvig Bolarks Young at heart and heading out to see parts of Australia we have dreamed about for years........
full info Joined May 13th 2012 Trips 5 Last Login June 2nd 2019 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 72 Guestbook 256 Photos 1448 Forum Posts 1 blog=725679 blogger=239485 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=725679 blogger=239485 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history Trips Queensland and Return Shakedown Trip June 2012 June 2nd 2012 -» August 30th 2012 Travels with a Wookie 2013 April 20th 2013 -» August 30th 2013 WAGGA WAGGA AND RETURN - WOOKIE TOO November 5th 2013 -» November 12th 2013 Travels with a Wookie 2014 May 10th 2014 -» September 20th 2014 Christmas Cruse 2016 December 15th 2016 -» December 30th 2016 Kermit the cub camper Exploring the kitchen Up Up with awning From Mount Panorama Mount Panorama 2 Sam MY bone Sunrise Perthville 24th June 2012 Lyn non-member comment Sunrise More great pictures and stories travel safe 24th June 2012 Silver Kestrel 2 non-member comment photos are lovely If you are still using your phone for photos it is certainly doing a great job.
Camper looks as good as we saw it at the C & C show recently except the vase of flowers bottle of champers & glasses are no where to be seen.
Shirley has curls???hmmm.
Hope your knee is o k.
Barbara 26th June 2012 Carol non-member comment Loving the tales and photos of your trip.
As a New South Welshsman the names Sofala Mudgee Bathurst etc.
pull at my heart strings.
Amazing sunrise a Cassilis 26th June 2012 Judy & Jim non-member comment More interesting news All sounds great except the freezing cold and ice in the van.
Pictures are super.
Keep them coming Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bathurst » Blogs » More New England Highway Tot 2.269s Tpl 0.038s cc 11 qc 53 dbt 0.0543s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Christine Bolvig Bolarks - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2891 ttl 3600 left 709 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
