menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Akita » Tazawako » Blogs » Japan the clean Food  Food Food Sul Japan the clean Food  Food Food Sulphur Springs and Cow tongues « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Asia » Japan » Akita » Tazawako September 22nd 2013 Published September 23rd 2013Edit Blog Post Wawa Sendai Sendai is where alot of the Tsunami happened after the earthquakes.
We did not see much evidence of this.
Cracks in buildings mostly  but you would have to look for them.The resilience and attitude of the people in Japan is amazing.
Cleanlyness is der rigor as well.
Washing the store fronts streets the bathrooms are spotless and everywhere.
We had to eat cow tongue.
Its everywhere.
Cows have no moos here and I know why! Everyone eats their tongues.
I am speechless.
The tongues were sliced thin as if shaven.
You could have them in a bowl with rice and sauce or in a ball shaped dipped in batter.
What happens to the rest of the cow? They also have ox tongue which we never found.
Curious  that curry is also popular.
In Sendai our hotel was a 5 minute walk from the train station so it was easy peasyas they say.
That first night we walked the market area and discovered a huge electronic shop.
It had everything but what I needed! You would think the camera section was big but you would be wrong.
Cell phone area however  was quite large.
I was Fukuurajima Bridge looking for a battery pack for the 4S Iphone but because it was an out dated phone they no longer carried them.
Oh well Charging more frequently is what I will have to do.
It was weird as well seeing all the control buttons on the appliances in Japanese.
Whats a guy to do if i lived here? As well now I know what it is like to be illiterate.
BTW All the coffee you can drink in this hotel.
Highly recommended.
Its called the Richmond.
Yum Yum.
Next day we took an excursion to Matsushima in Sendai Bay.
After we arrived we paid a pedestrian toll for a foot bridge to cross over to an Island in the Bay.
Nothing special except quietude and paths and a beach or two that you can walk on.
We decided afterwards to go eat oysters and that is what we did! They were so tasty.
They were huge.
WE had three each.
They were steamed just right.
Next we took a boat into the bay.
On the boat we decided to climb upto the top deck.
There we had a birds eye view of the surroundings.
Some people Feeding the Birds on the boat were attracting seagulls with food and as a result the sea gulls were face to face nibbling out of the hand of the feeders while in flight.
We were asked to pay 300Yen to stay on the top deck.
We refused! We already paid 1400 Yen each for the tour.
WE went below to the next deck and were told that we could only be on the bottom deck! Rippoff!!! Argh.
The bay reminded us of Vietnams Halong Bay with the islands dotting the scenery.
The boat tour lasted about an hour and landed us in another town where we were able to get on another train and head back to Sendai for the evening.
Next day was a transit day.
We headed towards the North into the Akita Prefecture.
This is a spa ski resort area.
Our Ryokan has sulphur baths private male or female.
Choice was ours.
Hmmmm...
I think private.
Our ryokan is nestled against a hillside deep in the woods and is somewhat rustic with some roofs made of straw like what we experienced on our last trip here.
Supper was a feasty affair with a fire pit.
In the pit on sticks Rock in the Bay were 2 fish skewered as if they cooked there.
We also had a rod hanging from the ceiling that supports a pot of soup.
We had it all.
We ate and ate and ate.
BurpThats supposed to be polite telling our hosts that we were well content with the meal.
We got up to another feast in the fire pit at 730 AM.
We were full for the day.
We decided to spend the day walking around the area we were in as well as spa-inglol.
Thats the lingo I came up with.
On our walk we hit some boardwalks water rapids and nature.
It finally felt like I was on vacation.
Supper was at the fire pit again.
No shortage of eats thats for sure.
Eat  sleep eat  spa walk eat spa etc......
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 8 Displayed 8 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 5 Message Walter Manuel Wawa Where to start...
Where to start.
People who know me say that I am sincere dedicated and I always do what I say I am going to do...
So this trip will allow people who know me to see a side of me that they never knew although they know that we like to travel.
So hang on to your seats Wawa is taking you for a ride!!!!!!!!Visited Countries Map ...
full info Joined August 27th 2007 Trips 4 Last Login March 27th 2019 Followers 5 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 92 Guestbook 105 Photos 731 Forum Posts 4 blog=808440 blogger=46218 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=808440 blogger=46218 Advertisement Trips We re off to Amsterdam Spain and Portugal in September !!!! September 10th 2009 -» October 6th 2009 Back to China Again October 24th 2010 -» November 27th 2010 Blarny Blimey Its off to Europe! Ireland GuinnessScotland KiltsEtc.........
August 24th 2012 -» September 22nd 2012 South Afrika November 4th 2014 -» November 24th 2014 The Fire Pit Ravenous Vegging Out today The Boardwalk 23rd September 2013 Blaine non-member comment Moo-Moo I didnt realize that cow tongue was so popular there! Believe it or not its very popular here in SoCal too! Travel Blog » Asia » Japan » Akita » Tazawako » Blogs » Japan the clean Food  Food Food Sul Tot 2.816s Tpl 0.047s cc 11 qc 36 dbt 0.1204s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Walter Manuel Wawa - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
