menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » Chilling at Bello and Byron Chilling at Bello and Byron « Previous Entry Next Entry » Oceania - Melbourne to Nadi Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen April 5th 2010 Published April 15th 2010Edit Blog Post SmithyWorldWide Photo 12 Crystal Shower Falls at Dorrigo National Park I dropped off Alex at Sydney airport and made the longish drive north across the Harbour Bridge for one last time to Port Stephens on the coast just north of Newcastle.
Id decided I needed somewhere for a few nights to read up on my onward journey and get used to being back on my own and Port Stephens fitted the bill.
Its a beautiful inlet blessed with several pretty beaches a resident pod of dolphins and some immense sand dunes.
I found a hostel with wooden cabins set in the forest which was the perfect base to sit back and unwind.
A resident kookaburra would visit the outdoor eating area each day and the charming owners lit us a camp fire on my first night there so I settled down with a stubby next to the flames and chatted the night away with a group of fellow travellers.
I spent the next day visiting some of Port Stephens beaches but theyre mainly for families and were quite busy so I went on a quick dolphin-watching cruise in the bay to see some of the hundred or so bottlenose dolphins who call the bay home.
Sadly the weather turned just after Photo 16 Someones got the right idea...
lunch so I decided to head north to my next planned stop Bellingen.
Bellingen sits at the eastern end of a road called the Waterfall Way in a region known as New England.
If you dont like landscape photographs then look away now...
the Waterfall Way winds its way past a cluster of world heritage listed national parks through a stunning high altitude pass and some gorgeous rolling scenery.
And of course a lot of waterfalls! Bellingen is a small attractive town with one main street lined with colonial era wooden shops and a grand old hotel.
It backs onto the Bellinger River and my hostel was located on the edge of town with a view down to the riverbanks.
To me it was the epitome of chilled...
a large verandah had comfy chairs and a pool table overlooking the garden which offered hammocks and more chairs.
A local colony of flying foxes visited the neighbouring trees in the evening filling the sky with their large bat-like silhouettes.
After the long drive from Port Stephens I settled into a hammock and watched the stars come out in the company of several mozzies and the hostels resident hens.
My Photo 2 The grand Ebor Falls first visit was to Dorrigo National Park protected for the world because of its unique rainforest.
Sadly floods in 2009 still not repaired...
come on guys!! had cut off most of the longer bushwalking tracks in the park but a brilliantly named track called the Wonga Walk set out from the main visitors centre winding its way through the rainforest via two waterfalls - Tristiana and Crystal Shower.
The rainforest was beautiful...
a vibrant world of greens filled with exotic bird calls some like car alarms others like monkeys...
all of the birds hidden from view high up in the canopy.
Luckily there was enough wildlife on the ground to compensate as wild wallabies padamelons and turkeys jumped and strutted their way through the undergrowth.
The falls were small but pretty and even though the path is metalled I felt at times like I was back in Borneo having to hack my way through several times I wish Id had my machete!.
After lunch at one of the great viewpoints I headed back to Bellingen and relaxed on the verandah with my book and a cup of coffee and a Chunky Kit-Kat...
thanks Honky!.
The next day I decided Photo 19 The lighthouse at Cape Byron to tackle more of the Waterfall Way which extends about 180km to Armidale in the west.
I decided this was too far but drove first to Ebor Falls a spectacular blip on the Guy Fawkes River where the water cascades down two large drops.
From there I drove along a gravel track to Point Lookout in the New England National Park.
The lookout itself was impressive but the bushwalk down into the forest and out to a viewpoint called Wrights Lookout was nothing short of magical...
pure Lord of the Rings stuff on a path so unfrequented that I was clearing spiders webs practically every few seconds! I arrived at Wrights Lookout a rocky promontory covered with low scrub to find myself alone to enjoy a panorama of thick untouched rainforest alive with flocks of parrots and other wonderful birds whose bizarre calls were the only sound.
Its one of the magical things about Australia that on a gorgeous sunny day you can walk on your own through a world heritage forest not too many hours drive from several major cities.
I had lunch while enjoying the vista then completed the walk back to Point Lookout seeing a few beautiful Photo 17 Looking north along Byron Bay lyrebirds on the way and drove back along the Waterfall Way to the hostel.
The next morning it was time to head on north to Byron Bay my last stop in New South Wales.
More down time but of a different kind! Byron is set on a gorgeous beach and my hostel was just 100 metres from it.
So I spent a happy few days walking the beach and swimming in the surf letting those Pacific Ocean waves wake me up after a few heavy nights! I hooked up with another traveller Nathan on the first night so spent most of the time with him including hiking up to Cape Byron the easternmost point of Australia and its lighthouse in the full heat of the day.
Id heard that Byron was a bit of a hippy hangout but I think those days are long gone and nowadays its home to a young crowd of surfers and sun worshippers...
more naff clubs and ID than bangles and crystals.
On our last night we went out with a pair of Chilean guys Guillermo and Thomas who were just beginning a 12-month trip similar to mine...
I have to say I was Photo 8 just a bit jealous! Truth be told I could have stayed longer but I realised that my time was ticking by and I still had a lot of distance to cover.
So onwards to Brisbane! « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 18 Displayed 18 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 16 Message Jonathan Smith SmithyWorldWide I work as a town planner in London and have always enjoyed travelling.
I also love photography and in June 2009 I decided to take a year off work to travel the globe.
This blog recounts that trip.
I left London on the 14th June 2009.
My trip divided roughly into four legs.
The first is in Africa from Kenya to South Africa starting in June and finishing at the end of September.
I then flew to Mumbai for a three month trip through Central Asia taking in India Nepal and Tibet.
Next up was Southeast Asia where I travelled through Vietnam Cambodia Thailand and Malaysia arriving in Sin...
full info Joined May 19th 2009 Trips 4 Last Login November 4th 2012 Followers 16 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 87 Guestbook 224 Photos 1516 Forum Posts 5 blog=488821 blogger=121408 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=488821 blogger=121408 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history Trips Africa - Nairobi to Johannesburg June 14th 2009 -» September 24th 2009 Central Asia - Mumbai to Kolkata September 25th 2009 -» December 24th 2009 Southeast Asia - Hanoi to Singapore December 25th 2009 -» March 10th 2010 Oceania - Melbourne to Nadi March 11th 2010 -» June 13th 2010 Photo 9 Photo 10 Photo 11 Photo 13 Photo 14 Photo 15 Photo 3 Photo 4 Photo 5 Photo 6 Photo 7 Photo 18 Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Bellingen » Blogs » Chilling at Bello and Byron Tot 2.685s Tpl 0.124s cc 30 qc 123 dbt 0.0656s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.6mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Jonathan Smith SmithyWorldWide - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306050 age 2888 ttl 3600 left 712 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
