menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Alstonville » Blogs » Australian Adventure Australian Adventure « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Alstonville February 17th 2015 Published February 17th 2015Edit Blog Post Total Distance 0 miles / 0 kmMouse 00 Graeme and Lyn Hallidays Point Hi travel followers.
Again another two weeks have passed and as usual we have been on the move ever so slowly up the NSW coast and are now at Alstonville.
between Ballina and Lismore From Newcastle we moved on to Hallidays Point where a very good friend Helen manages the wonderful Beachfront Holiday Park.
We had a great couple of days catching up and visiting all the little surrounding towns like Forster etc.
Then it was on to Nambucca Heads and the White Albatross Holiday Park where we have stopped a couple of times before because we just love the spot.
After a few days we moved on to Yamba and the Calypso Holiday park to visit another friend Leanne and Mat for a few days.
Yamba is a great little spot and it was great to catch up with Leanne plus have a good look around the town.
As mentioned we are now at Alstonville and have been here for a week catching up with my brother Raymond and sister Isabelle plus check out the surrounding areas like Lismore Wardell and Ballina etc.
While here we went to the Ballina Cherry Street Bowles club for Sunrise at Hallidays Point dinner and to watch/listen to a group called The Hillbilly Goats which are very much a Bluegrass type band.
I would totally recommend you go see them if you ever get the chance as they put on a great show.
Today we are off the Lennox Head to visit an Aunt who we havent seen in years to catch up and talk old times.
I have spent the last couple of days relaxing as tomorrow we move on to Mullumbimby for a couple of weeks to visit my younger sister Joy and Darren.
Joy has just bought a fruit shop in Mullumbimby and has lined up quite a few jobs for me to do around the place.
Just what I need to get back into fitness again.
Catch you next time.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 14 Displayed 14 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 3 Message Graeme & Lyn Holland Graeme and Lyn Three and a half years ago we decided to become Life Style Changers LSCs / Retired  and intend to spend as much time as possible travelling and visiting as many places we can across our vast and beautiful country plus as much of the world as possible.
To assist us in this quest we have taken up house sitting and caring for other peoples pets and have enjoyed this so much we intend to continue with this as long as our health allows.
Given it may be some time before we can meet up with many of our wonderful friends we have created this blog so that we can keep you all up to date on ...
full info Joined December 14th 2013 Trips 2 Last Login April 2nd 2020 Followers 3 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 107 Guestbook 100 Photos 1923 Forum Posts 1 blog=873645 blogger=279111 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=873645 blogger=279111 Advertisement Nambucca Heads sunrise cloud sitting on Nimbin rocks Yamba sunrise Nimbin Nimbin Aged Care The signs are a little different in Nimbin Sunrise at Yamba Yamba acros the bay Morning trawlers Yamba Heads Yamba Yamba sunrise 18th February 2015 Sue non-member comment The sunrise photos are beautiful.
You must get up early!! I also like the misty mountain photo.
Ohhhhhh one day............
19th February 2015 Graeme and Lyn Graeme & Lyn Holland yep.
Always an early riser since my days of being brought up on a Dairy Farm.
I also like the cloudy mountain photo.
Just beautiful in the North coast hinterland.
Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Alstonville » Blogs » Australian Adventure Tot 3.062s Tpl 0.046s cc 22 qc 106 dbt 0.1482s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.5mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Graeme & Lyn Holland Graeme and Lyn - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2894 ttl 3600 left 706 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
