menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » La Rambla » Blogs » 14 Find your city  Barcelona 14 Find your city  Barcelona « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » La Rambla February 24th 2014 Published February 25th 2014Edit Blog Post travelsurfer La Rambla A part of me died in Paris.
I left it at the Louvre.
I saw so much pain love and struggle in the magnificent art that it had reverberated and grown within me.
The beauty and darkness had become a part of me.
In its catharsis the artists had toppled my walls and shared with me the raw power of creation.
And then I had left that relationship inside the chambers of the Louvre.
I visited another famous cemetery Montparnasse where I paid homage to more fallen artists such as Samuel Beckett and Jean-Paul Sartre on the way out of the city of lights and had a final delicious lunch.
I was heavy.
I was overwhelmed with the struggle of the artists and the sensitivity of the passions that had driven to the creation of such masterpieces that the museum had collected.
The Muse um .
My conclusion from seeing all the creative projects was that I had to follow my passion.
My life depended on it.
I titled my work write or die and started tapping away on my laptop.
As I wrote on the plane the words flowed -like a spring river purging the clogged dry ground- Santa Lucia & Me and I sobbed.
My heaviness finally and slowly lifted as the plane soared above the clouds southbound to the Catalan Capital.
I found a new lightness in myself that I would bring into Barcelona.
The electricity called from the proud city of party animals great food free thinking and rad architecture.
Many a friend had told me that Barcelona is the place for me.
I never had the opportunity to experience it until that mid July day.
As much as I prefer a natural peaceful environment the buzz lives in the walls of captivity.
To quote Trey Anastasio the song composer from Phish Theres some good points some bad points...
But it all works out Im just a little freaked out...
Find your city find yourself a city to live in! I discovered a great hostel in a mellower part of the city a short walk from the center.
Casa de Gracia had a setup of tapas spanish snacks sangria and live flamenco dancing my first night and I tripped out on the coolness factor.
Not only were the performers awesome but the locals were great the girls were hot and every traveler was cheerful around Girls Crazy City & Gaudi me as well.
I had found my city.
The first night I bonded with a group of fellow Americans who had been in Ibiza and were witnesses to the running of the bulls.
We went down to the ocean clubs.
There was seafood sand and blurs of drunkenness.
Not to brag but every single night there was a different opportunity to have love and freedom with European women that were passionately enjoying the life of leisure.
I mean one day I went on a bike ride with 15 college aged girls and me....
Lucky Josh.
Most nights I would find different cliques as I moved to other parts of the great city and experienced varied activities.
This was midsummer in Europe and I was living it.
My kidneys were relieved when I opted to go onto an excursion to the Costa Brava and enjoy the ocean and kayaking.
We loaded into a van and zoomed down to a Catalan town called Sant Feliu De Guixols.
The town on the sea has a classical monastery and the locals speak mostly the Catalan language which sounds a lot like French.
The sea was bluer than blue and a El Catedral tad bit on the brisk side.
We jumped off cliffs into deep caverns.
We snorkeled.
We toured to small inlets and private beaches resembling a European version of Thailands The Beach.
The pinnacle of the kayak tour for me was the end.
We were taken to inlets only reachable by boat.
There were super high cliffs with a very small takeoff point to jump into the Mediterranean blue-green.
Since nobody stepped up to the challenge I clambered up first as everyone watched.
The Hawaii ocean boy in me came alive and after being about 60 feet high I climbed another 8 feet.
With no time to think I leaped forward to free fall into the water! It was fun.
Everyone followed suit after me and soonafter we kayaked back to land.
Too quick it was time to leave the sun-kissed paradise and venture back to the city.
There were still lessons to be learned in Catalonia.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Josh Margulies travelsurfer After traveling the world 16 countries over 5 continents 14 new US states writing and taking numerous photos I am always asked whats your favorite place?.
My answer is all.
I was born in Nepal and raised in Hawaii.
Maybe one of those if I had to choose? For the most part we always want to be where we are not.
Its that pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
When I left the US there were a lot of things I didnt like about it.
Through travel experience I am beginning to look at the positive here and go from there.
This blog aims to share why the world is so big and so small at the same time...
full info Joined November 13th 2013 Trips 0 Last Login May 1st 2015 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 35 Guestbook 10 Photos 113 Forum Posts 0 blog=828414 blogger=277726 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=828414 blogger=277726 Advertisement Brief history of Spain Spains powerful world empire of the 16th and 17th centuries ultimately yielded command of the seas to England.
Subsequent failure to embrace the mercantile and industrial revolutions caused the country to fall behind Britain France and Germany in ...more history Travel Blog » Europe » Spain » Catalonia » Barcelona » La Rambla » Blogs » 14 Find your city  Barcelona Tot 2.813s Tpl 0.015s cc 6 qc 45 dbt 0.0243s 2 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Josh Margulies travelsurfer - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 342 ttl 3600 left 3258 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
