menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog Â» Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Barrington Tops Â» Blogs Â» Sydney and Barrington Tops Sydney and Barrington Tops Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Advertisement Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Barrington Tops July 13th 2006 Published July 13th 2006Edit Blog Post stef87 Birthday heya every1! right well sydney-- i dont think i left a stone unturned here...iv spent more money then i think i ever have..lol..whoops but was awsome..stayed at wake up! n here goes...kate arrived early on the 6th her bday n we heard that if its ur bday u cn get 2 the zoo 4 99c so thats what we did---very cool!!! em then arrived n we then went to the ice bar ...-16c and u got 2 wear coats and boots n cool gloves n everything was ice---very cool.....then its was my birthday and we went whale watching---awwwsome--watched whales for 3 hours..saw 2 breach...very cool!!..the other 2 got sick...felt bad they spent the whole time pretty much lying on the deck whilst i ran around like a mad thing taking picsnot good 1s may i frustratedly add of all the whales!!!...
we then got back n got ourselves tarted up for a meal at the opera house- when i say tarted i mean tiaras bday banners badges party poppers n blowers!!! yesss!!! was good fun! food was amazing......very cool bday.
right then the next day was kinda gay--just tryign to figure out how n wen we were doing things...were determined to AFL BABY!! beat oz experience prices- we knew they were ripping us off!! anyways this got frustrating n boring so we desided we needed to chill out n u can imagine whos idea it was 2 do this by going to the aquarium- was amazing!!! so so so good! then next day we went to AFL..oz rules football which was awsome...sydeny swans vs adielade crows..very cool!..sydney got whipped tho...ð?˜? later that eve we had 2 go check jonny depp out in pirates of carribean--was impressed but not by kieras acting- but that goes with out saying ...always!..uumm then next day we went 2 the blue mountains..caught n early train n got there n did the bus stop off poins which was cool..n then went 2 the cafe with the largest collection of teapots...i no wot ur thinking...teapots!?!? but was awsome..n we had devonshire tea--very nice.
next day went 2 manly on my own which was beatuful..realli wantd 2 go diding..saw divers there..got angry..ok not angry just sad like a spoilt child ..then got over it but i wanted 2 dive.but hey..no time.because WE WALKED THE SYDNEY BRIDGE AT DUSK...was absolutly incredable!! on one side u see the sun setting  behind the blue mountains opera house the moon is up..u go up at day come down at night...absolutly out of this world..so so so cool..and a very nice way 2 spend our last night in sydney.
anway we had been able to beat oz experience prices...they go to this remote ranch called barrington tops where u can go night kayking which we realli wanted 2 do..but told that its a mission to get there...lies..all we did after hours i may add..is email them and ask how 2 get there form sydney..after all that.....
easy..they said get train 2 glouster n well pick u up!! very simple..so after cathcing again early train 4 $37 got 2 glouseter slash middle of knowhere which was funny- pay fone didnt work we had no signal but lady who got off train lent us her fone n we were able 2 get hold of adam who came 2 pick us up!!!!...we got there saw a beatuiful little river..thort yay lets go swimming0 oh my god..was soooooooooooooooooo cold!! like 5c...very funi but so cold!!! anyways after having a shower seeing we were in the middle of knowhere we desided it was safe to go up in just our towels..no no 1st aboriginal apparntly not...only a tour bus arrives 2 see 3 pretty much naked girls walking thru the wilderness..hahaha...very funny!!!! we then came down 4 the all u can eat..most amazing pizzas in the world..then stuffed..fearing i may sink my kyake we went 2 suit up..for NIGHT KAYAKING..was soo cool..so cold..i fell in/out of boat..down the raging rapids of screaming death or something like that..got my foot stuck..was in freezing water..kate n em craking up..practially crying...bitches!!!!!!!lol...so then was dreaming of hot tub..which was very very very worth the wait we out stayed every1 n were in there for a bout 2/3 hours..los track of time!!!! was sooo good...then watched all the drunk people..laughed at them but boringly headed 2 bed..was a busy day!! anyways awoke late/ish n headed down 4 all u can eat free brekky...thn shortly followed all u can eat free lunch..arrr this was my kinda place!!!...the chilled bit more...chatted 2 some new oz experience guys that arrived..then statred on the all u can eat pizza again...i think i am a pizza now!!! anyways after paying pretty much nothing 4 this trip we got taken to the train station random glouster 2 get train to byron bay..so thats where i Manly beach am now...in byron after tralleving all night..we are now waiting to get in our room...1 hour left yyaaay...free internet helps pass time!!! anyways hope ur all well...am putting more pics on my album so hopefully u guys can get on...its kodak online gallery..but havnt quite figured out unless u got sent the email which if u didnt get it i meant u 2 get it..tell me n ill forward it 2 u..anyways lot sof love xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Â« Previous Entry Next Entry Â» Additional photos below Photos 8 Displayed 8 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message stef hacking stef87 filling my summer15th june- 28th aug by travelling up the east coast of oz before uni in october..
first destination - Melbourne- Hotel Backpack/Bakpak...
full info Joined June 11th 2006 Trips 1 Last Login October 21st 2013 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 19 Guestbook 61 Photos 35 Forum Posts 0 blog=74203 blogger=18570 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=74203 blogger=18570 Advertisement Brief history of Australia Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century.
No formal territorial claims were made until 1770 when Capt.
James COOK took possession in the name...more history Trips ASIA July 26th 2010 -Â» September 16th 2010 dropped off in the middle of knowhere Barrington tops ranch! us  nick n cas nick later attempts 2 find narnia...unsuccessful! 14th July 2006 fran non-member comment hello!! wow whale watching that sounds amazing!! u sounded like u had a wickid birthday with all the dressing up hehe!! thanks for my message had a lovely birthday too!! must be nice being with some familiular faces now anyway take care x x x 18th July 2006 lynne hacking non-member comment wow your photos are great!! so great to get your news what a fab time your having.alex has now gone to peru and we are in a heat wave 102 today we are all flaking out!we are off to na macaret on monday so we wiill get on line there.keep sending photos love you and missing you but we are all very well lol mum 24th July 2006 the mellowes non-member comment hello! Really enjoying following you around Oz - it all sounds fantastic and such a laugh.
After all this youll need a holiday! Want to hear loads about the Whitsundays - saw them in a brochure and they look like paradise - let us know if its true or just clever photography by the travel agent.
Here we are having funny monsoon weather - very hot for England but very humid too and then on Saturday the mother of all thunder and lightning storms - all the street lights came on at midday and it was so dark had lights on in house very spooky.
Sunny again on sunday went on boat to Studland with friends - no whales! Today sunny and should be for rest of the week - thought summer was never coming now everyone in poole moaning about the heat and being all dramatic about the dangers! Saddoes - its great and were loving it while it lasts been to the beach and chilling out in the sea every day.
Well better close now have loads more fun - were sure you will!!!!!! lots of love and hugs t s r e and o xxxxxxxxxxxx Travel Blog Â» Oceania Â» Australia Â» New South Wales Â» Barrington Tops Â» Blogs Â» Sydney and Barrington Tops Tot 1.842s Tpl 0.029s cc 13 qc 51 dbt 0.0772s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact stef hacking stef87 - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2900 ttl 3600 left 700 Â© 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers Ã— Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
