menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Alstonville » Blogs » Northern New South Wales Northern New South Wales « Previous Entry Next Entry » Australian East coast  Brisbane to Sydney by bicycle Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Alstonville April 21st 2010 Published April 22nd 2010Edit Blog Post Sam Broad Sunrise in Palmvale Hello ! And happy Earth day - Its been over three months since I landed in Australia and you may be wondering how far Ive gotten in that time...
Well prepare to be disappointed ! In those three months I spent a total of 3 days on my bike and covered the not so impressive distance of 250 kilometers ! And youll also have noticed that Ive been more or less off the radar during this time a few photos posted on Facebook but no blog updates....
So what have I been up to ? Well...
Ive been WWOOFing.
For most of that time at least.
WWOOF is a world wide organisation linking itinerant workers ie.
me to organic farms and small properties who need a few extra pairs of hands.
The setup is as follows  you do 4 hours of manual labour each day and in exchange you get accommodation and food.
Because of the nature of these places organic farms small holdings family homes you get to meet some great people with whom you can share some of your interests such as gardening and sustainable living for example.
Thus back in January after a lovely 3 Smudge !!!! week stay with my auntie Meg my second cousin once removed to be precise I made my way down to Palmvale near Murwillumbah to meet my very first WWOOFing hosts Neil and Kitty.
For the next 2 months I got to know these lovely people and the various other WWOOFers also there and spent my days out on their beautiful property planting native rainforest trees.
I must say that I have great admiration for their commitment to reforest the 120 acres of their property most of which was dairy pastures when they got there.
The beauty of the region also contributed to my desire to stop there for so long.
The Northern New South Wales area boasts an amazing coastline with Byron Bay being one of the highlights.
Inland the impressive Mount Warning made for a great biking/hiking/climbing expedition.
I went one afternoon and set up camp on the very summit dont tell anyone though ! and returned to Murwillumbah the next morning.
One of Mount Warnings claims to fame is that it receives the first rays of sunshine in Australia every morning.
Sadly the famous sunrise was totally obscured from me as the mountaintop was in the clouds for Palmvale most of the night and morning.
But I did however get a good view over the valley and the Pacific ocean a little later on when the fog parted briefly.
When the time came for me to leave Murwillumbah and head on south it was difficult to part with everyone.
Two months had felt like a very long time to me as Id not stopped anywhere else for anywhere near that length of time on this trip and as Id very quickly felt at home in Palmvale.
Ive now been staying with Alex Megs son and my second cousin near Lismore for a couple of weeks.
Its been good to meet all these relatives I never knew I had ! A whole new branch of the family tree has opened up to me ! And to think that were all descendants of the good Reverand Reginald Bati Bartlett OBE my great grandfather and missionary in Samoa and Papua New Guinea ! Anyway cutting to the chase tomorrow is when the trip really gets going.
No more dilly-dallying.
Im off to Tasmania ! Ive no more relatives to call upon and I wont be doing any more WOOFing for Smudge overlooking his territory a while.
Its time for some real bike touring.
Lugging that behemoth of a bike of mine up and down those hills all day and finding a discreet spot to camp wild every night.
Im hoping to get some real distance covered in the coming weeks  maybe as far as Sydney within the next month and possibly Melbourne before the end of June...
but lets not get carried away yet...
well see how it goes.
See you in a few days when I get back online to complain to you of my sore legs and the numbness of my behind ! Ciao for now xx « Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 11 Displayed 11 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message A Broad abroad Sam Broad Im a 27 year old British vegan living in Paris.
In April 2009 I quit my job and decided to take some time off.
I reckon something between 6 months and a year should allow me to see something of the world and also to figure out what I want to do with myself once I come back...
On the 27th of June 2009 I set off heading for SE Asia and traveling by train...
The itinerary I followed from Paris to Hanoi  and the route I traveled through South East Asia  From January to June 2010 I cycled my way down the Australian East coast from Brisbane to Melb...
full info Joined May 11th 2009 Trips 2 Last Login November 14th 2015 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 25 Guestbook 9 Photos 696 Forum Posts 0 blog=492015 blogger=120310 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=492015 blogger=120310 Advertisement Trips Trans-Mongolian and South East Asia June 27th 2009 -» January 9th 2010 Australian East coast  Brisbane to Sydney by bicycle January 26th 2010 -» June 28th 2010 Tree planting !! Percy the pet python Digging the hole for the new rainwater tank Lowering the rainwater tank into place with a little help from Antonio From the top of Mt Warning Looking East On my way again...
Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Alstonville » Blogs » Northern New South Wales Tot 1.937s Tpl 0.061s cc 12 qc 57 dbt 0.0684s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.4mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact A Broad abroad Sam Broad - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2900 ttl 3600 left 700 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
