menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Jerusalem District » Jerusalem » Blogs » Travels through the Holy land Travels through the Holy land « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Middle East » Israel » Jerusalem District » Jerusalem March 16th 2018 Published March 16th 2018Edit Blog Post Postcards Soldiers out shopping Visiting Israel evokes a reaction from friends and family.
Isnt it dangerous? What about the Palestinians the wall Gaza? Why go youre not religious? Well Jerusalem isnt the little town Id read about in the bible as a child.
It is a modern city with traffic jams and super-trams.
But there are so many names we half-remember.
The Mount of Olives offers us a great view of the old city.
The Garden of Gethsemane still contains olive trees.
There are also sites and names that we remember from more recent news programs.
Getting to the Al Aksa mosque and the Dome of the Rock requires queuing and being security screened.
The same is true to visit the western or wailing wall.
But it is all very civilised and polite.
Three religions have a claim a need to be involved in the life of Jerusalem.
Significant events in Jesuss life occurred here including the last supper his trial death and burial.
Mohammed ascended to heaven from Temple Mount the same location as Judaism’s first temple.
Everywhere we see Jewish Haredi men dressed in their traditional long black coat and trousers white shirt and a black wide-brimmed tzitzit hat.
Old Jerusalem They are queuing at the bus stops carrying home the shopping heading for work taking the kids to school.
We spend a day wandering around the old city all little lanes souks and tiny shops.
There are tourist sites around every corner ...
and tourists too.
Every site is busy and this is not peak season.
Many of the sites are stunning and one has to respect the joy that visiting them brings to the faithful.
There are churches of every denomination but the Church of the Holy Sepulchre containing Jesuss tomb is tricky.
The church is claimed by Roman Catholic Armenian and Greek Orthodox churches so they administer the church jointly.
But the keys are held by a neutral Muslim family who unlock the church every morning.
We drive across into Bethlehem in Palestine.
We go through a checkpoint in the wall – a huge ugly wall like all political walls – and enter the West Bank.
You may think the West Bank is Palestinian but in reality less than 20% of the West Bank is governed by the Palestinian Authority.
Strangely going through the wall only gets us into the Israeli governed West Bank.
Reading in the synagogue Further down the road into Bethlehem we finally enter the Palestinian governed West Bank – but here there is no wall no checkpoint nothing to tell us.
Confused? Even the locals we are told are confused.
Bethlehem is of course where Jesus was born and we visit the church that was built over that spot.
It is strange to visit a site so venerated by so many people.
Bethlehem today is a busy little town and feels very different to Jerusalem.
It feels very Arabic and is of course largely Muslim.
We enter and leave the West Bank three times always easily quickly and without incident.
When in the West Bank we never know who is governing the land we are on and generally nor do the guides.
Predictably our Palestinian and Israeli guides have different views and use different language about the situation.
The Palestinian seems more open to questions the Israeli more defensive.
Interestingly our Israeli guide tells us he cannot enter Palestinian Bethlehem.
Even before the Crusades Christian visitors came here to seek out the places they knew from the bible.
Often they would build a church where the biblical event took place Church of the Nativity and inevitably there was some guesswork.
The actual location of many miracles will never be known but this probably doesnt matter.
Up in northern Israel we are again on disputed land – the Golan Heights.
Once Syrian these hills were occupied by Israel in 1967 after Israel had suffered years of indiscriminate bombardment from the hills.
The road is very close to the new border the valley to our left is in the Lebanon.
High in the misty hills we turn south-west.
Just a kilometre to our left is war-torn Syria.
There are still signs of the war here - bits of tank by the roadside cordoned off mine fields.
The kibbutz where we sleep has warning sirens and a shelter last used when Katyusha rockets were fired at Israel.
Twice during our time here the sirens have sounded – just drills we are assured.
We sail across the Sea of Galilee and then lunch on the shore fish of course.
It’s a nice change from falafel or shwarma.
The food has been good here but rather more expensive than the UK.
Tomorrow we will head south down the Mediterranean coast to Tel-Aviv.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 22 Displayed 22 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 9 Message Gill and Alistair Postcards Joined November 2nd 2010 Trips 0 Last Login May 17th 2020 Followers 9 Status BLOGGER Follows 1 Blogs 112 Guestbook 116 Photos 1523 Forum Posts 1 blog=1011808 blogger=180877 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=1011808 blogger=180877 Advertisement Brief history of Israel Following World War II the British withdrew from their mandate of Palestine and the UN partitioned the area into Arab and Jewish states an arrangement rejected by the Arabs.
Subsequently the Israelis defeated the Arabs in a series of wars without...more history Negev desert Dead Sea Jerusalem souk Birthplace of Jesus Dome of the Rock Temple Mount Wailing western wall Juice seller Church of St Mary Magdalene Graffiti of the Palestinian side of the wall Graffiti of the Palestinian side of the wall Beit Sheen Roman ruins Roman theatre Haredic Jews Synagogue On the Sea of Galilee Traditional boat on the Sea of Galilee Beit Sheen Roman ruins Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Jerusalem District » Jerusalem » Blogs » Travels through the Holy land Tot 0.048s Tpl 0.02s cc 12 qc 29 dbt 0.0137s 1 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.2mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Gill and Alistair Postcards - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2898 ttl 3600 left 702 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
