menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops » Blogs » Camping at Barrington Tops Camping at Barrington Tops « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops January 1st 2008 Published January 1st 2008Edit Blog Post LeahandEv Ford every stream.....
After hearing such great things about the Barrington Tops wilderness area we decided it was the place to work off some of our Christmas indulgences with some bush walking and camping.
The 27th of December 2007 dawned bright and sunny - a welcome relief after the weeks of rain and overcast dull skies that Sydney has been suffering under.
With our cat safely locked in the house with many bowls of water and with his Aunt and Uncle booked to come and visit for feeding and cuddles during our absence we packed the car and headed out of the city.
The long and exhausting crawl under the harbour then north to the freeway was hard going but finally we hit the open road! The drive was fairly uneventful until we turned off the bitumen five kms south of Gloucester and headed to the Gloucester River camping area.
The brave explorers then had to cross five fords over the Gloucester River which Ev loved! We met a lot of friendly locals as well....
Finally four hours after we left the city we pulled into the camp ground and after selecting a suitable spot got our tent up.
The Meeting some of the locals countless signs telling us not to collect firewood in the National Park forced us to head back to the road to buy some firewood cause campings not camping without a campfire! Although a camp fires not a camp fire without marshmallows either and we forgot to pack those! As it turned out the firewood came in the form of massive logs so Ev had a chance to flex his manly muscles and do some wood chopping.
Pity he hadnt packed his lumberjack shirt.....
We settled in with a couple of well earned cold beers and planned our walks for the next day.
Dinner was a creation involving Surprise peas and corn 2-minute noodles sultanas lamb chops vegie sausages and a LOT of curry powder!!! The real surprise was how bloody good it tasted with a glass of $5 clean skin rose to wash it down with.
That night we were serenaded by a very loud froggy chorus.
In the morning after a fabulous brekkie we headed to Gloucester Tops to do our walk.
We settled on a 7km+ circuit of three walks taking in three completely different landscapes - the southern most population of Antarctic Beech The Gloucester Falls trees Sydney blue gum forrest and a series of stunning waterfalls that peeked beguilingly from the surrounding greenery.
Dinner again involved Surprise peas and corn really the uses of dehydrated vegies are endless! and Deb.
Powdered mash potato sounds so wrong but in the middle of the bush cooked with water you boiled from the river after a walk listening to crickets and frogs there is nothing better than a big pile of Deb and sausages! Dont knock it till youve tried it! All in all I would have to thoroughly recommend Barrington Tops.
Such beautiful scenery and a real sense of getting away from it all.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 7 Displayed 7 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 0 Message WAgirl LeahandEv Joined December 7th 2007 Trips 0 Last Login September 24th 2019 Followers 0 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 32 Guestbook 56 Photos 420 Forum Posts 0 blog=231932 blogger=54216 Blog Options Top PhotosBlog Map Print Version blog=231932 blogger=54216 Advertisement Blue gum forrest Towering tree ferns How beautiful is this waterfall? Our tent Travel Blog » Oceania » Australia » New South Wales » Barrington Tops » Blogs » Camping at Barrington Tops Tot 3.366s Tpl 0.018s cc 11 qc 56 dbt 0.0331s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 1  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact WAgirl LeahandEv - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 912 ttl 3600 left 2688 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
