menu continents | Sign In Blog control panel logout | Log In | Sign In Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Forum Photos Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Create a Travel Blog Bloggers Blogs Wallpaper Travel Guide Travel Photos Cheap Travel Insurance Forum Photos Africa Antarctica Asia C.
America & Caribbean Europe Middle East N.
America Oceania Oceans & Seas S.
America Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Center District » Rehovot » Blogs » December 2006 9th Day December 2006 9th Day « Previous Entry Next Entry » Advertisement Middle East » Israel » Center District » Rehovot January 2nd 2007 Published January 2nd 2007Edit Blog Post Debby Becky Paster and Rachel with Birthright kids David here.
Rabbi Hachen does not know that I am doing this but I ended up with such great pictures I had to post them.
Our last day had some of the worst rain of the week.
Fortunately our stops were inside.
Our first stop was our Tzedakah project.
It was at a Jaffa Institute food warehouse in Tel Aviv where we packed packages for distribution.
We did it with Harvard Princeton and Yale kids from the Birthright tour.
It was nice to interact with them but I loved watching Rachel look up to them.
She even asked Nina and I about her going on a Birthright trip.
Nina mentioned that she was happy to see Rachel listen intently as one of the Institutes leaders a former Bronx native tell us what the Institute accomplishes on limited resources from the Israeli government.
There are a lot of needy people in that section of Tel Aviv who simply cannot afford to feed their entire families.
After that we traveled to the Ayalon Institute in Rehovot.
This was the undedrground ammunition factory that the Hagana put into place before the War for Indpendence.
It was another story of what Israelis went Sarah and Barbara Paster with Boxes at the Tzedakah Project throught to fight for a Jewish state.
From hiding from the British to successfuly making the ammo for battle Israel could not have gained independence without it.
Its truly an amazing story of the bullets were made in secrecy.
I was impressed by the tour guide who was in his twenties.
He told us that he believes that this is a story in Israels history that must always be remembered for future generations of Jews to appreciate what they have.
From there our last stop was an archaeological dig at Bet Gevurin.
This was a sight that was buried in 2000 years ago and we did in fact find pottery pieces from then.
I could not believe how much we found in a short time.
We were digging in a place that had been seven years in the making from the time digging was started above ground.
Well that was our last stop and yes I am typing this after being home for a day and a half.
It was a long trip but one I would recommend to anyone.
The connections to the Jewish faith and heritage are too intense to be missed.
I am grateful that Ammunition Equipment at the Ayalon Institute I had the opportunity to do it with my family new friends and Rabbi Hachen.
We had a long flight back.
We left Israel at 1140 that evening and arrived in Newark just before 5 AM on the 31st and we are all still recovering from a very active week while trying to make sure we remember everything we learned.
I hope more and more Beth El families take advantage of a tour of Israel.
« Previous Entry Next Entry » Additional photos below Photos 6 Displayed 6 Advertisement Comment Subscribe Follow 1 Message Rabbi Debra Hachen Debby Rabbi Debra R.
Hachen serves as spiritual leader of Temple Beth-El in Jersey City New Jersey after living many years in Massachusetts.
A Reform rabbi since 1980 she loves traveling the world and especially taking congregants to see the Jewish homeland Israel.
She lives in New Jersey with her husband and has three grown children.
...
full info Joined January 21st 2005 Trips 1 Last Login December 31st 2016 Followers 1 Status BLOGGER Follows 0 Blogs 41 Guestbook 6 Photos 240 Forum Posts 0 blog=115600 blogger=1662 Blog Options Blog Map Print Version blog=115600 blogger=1662 Advertisement Rabbi Hachen Barbara and Sarah Paster at Beit Gevurin dig Rachel and Becky Paster at Beit Gevurin dig Nina at the Dig Travel Blog » Middle East » Israel » Center District » Rehovot » Blogs » December 2006 9th Day Tot 3.205s Tpl 0.016s cc 7 qc 45 dbt 0.0377s 3 msaturn wwww 104.131.125.221 sld 3  mem 1.3mb Copyright Notice All Rights Reserved Do not copy images or text from this page without requesting and receiving permission.
All rights are reserved by the author and photographer.
Contact Rabbi Debra Hachen Debby - a lack of a response does not mean that you have permission to use material from this page.
Home About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Join Us Contact Us Advertising Cool Stuff Travel Insurance Travel Guide World Facts now 1592306053 age 2897 ttl 3600 left 703 © 2017 TravelBlog.org & Bloggers × Subscribe Name Email Confirm Email Close Subscribe.
