I got refund for 1 booking very nice service and customer very good experience and very supportive staff and very nice cooperation with me
Easy to book the ticket and great customer service. Customer care executives are really helpful in guiding and providing to every detail even in chat as well.
Easy to use refund my another booking has not return please refund my amount as soon as possible ........
Good Works, Excellent Customer Services, I Cancel Ticket and I Got Full Refund, Nice Customer Services
Ease my trip is a very good online portal to get your train, flight tickets and hotels booked, i will use their service again.
Fantastic Web Portal for Travelers! I always use this portal as I found Number of diacount offers on this Travel Portal!
Good customer services and I got complete refund in time of covid-19 lockdown. I would prefer to use it again and again.
Very good services during this lockdown period. I am very much satisfied with your service. Literally, I did not face any trouble. I m very much happy.
Very nice app and user friendly. Great experience.. highly recommend for travel bookings. Very satisfying.
.Probaby the cheapest flight booking app in India. . ., ., . .good app. good service as welll. They refunded my tickets during the COVID time
Good experience with the customer support. It was a wonderful experience with the team and they were very helpful.
I have good experience with ease my trip It is easy to book flights with this app...... This app is good
Actually, I booked my tickets (GoAir) for 23 March 2020 from Pune to Dehradun and it was cancelled through airlines side due to this pandemic. The money for this flight was fully refunded. But when I booked my tickets (Indigo) for 6 May 2020 from Pune to Dehradun and again it was cancellation from airlines side. And in this case they charges the cancellation fees to me i.e; Rs 4534. Please look forward to my problem and refund my money asap.
Instant booking. Received my refund immediately when my flight got cancelled due to lockdown It’s purely made in India.
It was the best app for booking air tickets and I got ou for best price....
My airline tickets booking experience with easemytrip was really good..The refund process was very fast and the customer care reps are very responsive..I would recommend easemytrip to everyone
Very nice platform. I always purchase my tickets from here. very convenient..........................
Great customer service. Allows to change the departure dates without any fee. I appreciate this company's support.
I booked my ticket from indore to Vapi TPDG7770308 this is my ticket I'd I can't cancel my ticket and I lost my money . No refund.. no responce..
I've good experience with easemytrip so far, it's the best service provider with cheap prices and i got my refund on time when my flight got canceled due to corono virus lockdownI'm happy with esemytrip..
Best airplane ticket booking app. Supportive customer care. I like this and would recommend to all.....
Best place to book any travel tickets . Everyone should go through it. All types of travel options are available here . Best of luck for all services .
Good service. I am happy with easemytrip. Satisfied.....
The customer care support team of the Easy My Trip is absolutely wonderful and highly appreciated. I'm very much happy with their performance.
Excellent service and staff members also good.you guys are doing great job. Nice
Easemytrip is very good, I'm always use this app, easemytrip giving benefits and offer. I suggest to please must use this app and achieve offer. Easemytrip specially customer support too good, easily sole every problem solution.
Best service among all portals of flight booking. Different types of discount always available. just go for it and enjoy the trip. All the best.
Good services and cheapest price. Easy application to book on domestic flight. Best experience with easemytrip. Get my refund on time.
Good price given for travel, and flights r available always. So goood.
Good service of ease my trip I really recommend this travel platform.
Last year i went with many hopes literally disappointed. In starting days only they asked for reviews I gave five ratings by trusting them. At last I came to know no use of going there. No reply for emails and no one will answer..
Easy to use and friendly and most importantly zero convenience fees. always recommended and must use it .
Amazing platform. Great customer experience. Nice refund policy.
Honestly Easemytrip support me for fund refund in pandemic time when all airlines and ticket booking platforms manipulate customers.Thanks To Mr.Gaurav and Team From Easemytrip.
Good website for flight ticket booking customer executives are friendly... Had a great experience.....
Easemytrip is very good service provider. When i go for compare with others then i faund that its service is very good. My experience was very good. In pandemic situation it gives very good service. His executive is good, well trained. I am using this app since from last 2 year for every booking.
It's a good platform for booking tickets and you will get refunds also on time and friendly customer support.
I have booked tickets in march- june2020 and they really helped at each step of the procedure and i think they are really emerging as a leader on online platform for booking tickets
Good website for travel by flight, they are taking the all responsibility. I personally experience the service of esaymytrip.com
Ease my trip refunded my canceled flight amount pleasant experience to book flights using EaseMyTrip
I'm using EaseMyTrip for last 4 years and I'm very happy on it, because the flight tickeks were lesser and they giving a coupon code which applied automatically makes easier and reduce the cost. Recently I booked a ticket and cancelled it, the customer service representative followed up with me and they refunded my money in 2 weeks of time. After getting the refund they followed up to get a confirmation from my side. So I assure EaseMyTrip is the best one.
It is very good app and after purchase service is really good. Thank you. Go for it. Big recommendation
Good Service by EaseMyTrip.customer-friendly application.no convenience fee when u book on EaseMyTrip
I got my refund immediately when I cancelled my flight due to COVID-19 best way to book flights......
Good work and cheapest flight easy platform to book domestic flight and best exp EaseMyTrip. And good work
Good service nice applicatior easy to use good offers good customer support nice navigation im happy with easymytrip
Good Service by easemytrip. I always prefer to book ticket using easemytrip...........................
I have recently used easymytrip to book flight ticket .. Experience was smooth ..Good some decent discount better than other online booking site ..
Easy my trip gives you good service and customer service for any sector.no convenience fee will be added you will find best cheap rates as compared to other agency or company I recommend to book only from ease my trip.i have been using ease my trip for more than 7 years.
It is a very good platform for booking flight tickets.very happy with their service.helped me in getting my refund back in lockdown perios
Best service I am happy with servise and best price ..
Really very nice application for travel ASSISTANCE love this Application In the time of lockdown I booked so many tickets because I am a frequenttraveler and my only hope was ease my trip and I got my refund back and I am happy with it so happy?? Really happy with the service
I booked a 12 seater bus from hyderabad to srisailam. Till the bus arrived red bus customer care has promised all the things which was not fulfilled at all. Bus was not at all clean as shown in the images. Driver was unprofessional. Customer care is the worst,
Very Useful service. I got my flight cancel refund at the pandemic period. Very commendable services. Great Job..
Dear Redbus Today am traveling to Bangalore to Nellore I booked bus venkataraman bus such worst bus I booked in entire last 10 years My question is without verifying the buses how you people accepted in your account They is no santizers in bus No temperature che
TRAVBOND is one of the leading travel agency.It is best for traveling the world with less budget and with proper management.I had experienced Maldives once with travbond and that was proper arranged and I enjoyed a lot with travel bond! Its awesome!
I am very satisfied with the service EMT had provide. Promt response from the executives and refund was issued in no time.
Good service Good support and i an very happy with Easemytrip and its service. All should go for it.
Got refunded AMOUNT, Enhanced user experience User experience is good
I had booked my honeymoon trip to Maldives in antilogvacations. Mr.Nitin Kathuria Explained Maldives trip plan in detail and suggested me The best resort - cinnamon dhonveli Maldives and told all important information about Maldives and my honeymoon package. Overall experience are too good
Nice app suggest to use once. Satisfied by the service. Got refund of my trip instantly during lockdown
Not too long ago I had some difficulties. And you helped me solve it in a few minutes. I am grateful to the employees who appreciate customers. This is a true service.
Thank you ease my support for the awesome customer service. I had to travel from chandigarh to delhi in the month of April but due to this pandemic situation I had to cancel my ticket and I was not expecting any refund but still I got full refund from ease my trip. Thank you so much for taking care of your customers.
I can tell you that there are a lot of companies like that now. But not all are able to work with quality. And you turned out to be a really worthwhile company. I wish you further development.
Great service provided by EaseMytrip during lockdown period After my tickets were cancelled due to COVID-19 they refunded the amount I'm very thankful for it ??
Good service good coustoumer support nice application good offers easy to use very good application I am happy with ease my trip.
Amazing scevice, Guiding steps were simple. Communication and helpful. refund was easy. Good Work with client.
Got the money back after flight cancellation due to lock down. It is amazing.
EMT is one of the best travel sites I have visited so far. The information given on site is commendable.
Please do not book car via revv.co.in Comlany will make false promises before pre-sale and no one will help you after sale. Do not take car from revv.co.in
I book all my flights using this app. Its very easy to use. In the times of pandemic they help me provide complete refund for my cancelled flights. They also provide several discounts and coupon codes for me to use. Overall a great experience. I loved it.
We had extremely poor and bad experience in booking the hotel via booking.com. We booked 2 rooms in FabHotel Prestige Princess hotel via booking.com, while checking-in, the manager and the staff were super rude, ill-mannered, impolite and pathetic. On check-in, the manager didn't let us checkin to the hotel saying that they are not willing to give us our rooms to the price which we got from booking.com. They also said(translating the line to English: Whatever you want to do, we are not gonna let you checkin to this hotel. If you want to stay, stay with the price which we are offering.) I had booked via booking.com and I also got the confirmation of my booking.com, ideally being a customer I should not worry once my booking is done, but hotel manager said to us to call booking.com and sort this matter ourself. On the other hand, when we called booking.com's customer care, they were also not willing to sort this matter with the hotel and said we need to pay the price which hotel is offering(not the one which we booked before our arrival). I had my old parents with me and we travelled all the way around 7 hours to stay in this hotel and we had also booked the rooms many weeks ahead of our arrival, but this experience with the hotel and booking.com left us disappointed and we ended up staying in other hotel. I wish I could give 0 star or negative rating to this hotel, manager, the staff and the booking.com.
Had a good experience with this app.Provide hassle free bookins and cancellations...................
