Tapir trip Review 4.23 (286) The Tapir trip to Ecuador certainly lived up to its "active adventure" name with Hiking, Horseback riding, Cycling and climbing through multiple waterfalls. The variety and the excellence of your guide Mauro made this an unforgettable trip and I highly recommend both Active Adventures and your Tapir trip. Ron, Black Mountain / Queensland , 75yrs, Australia
Superb Ecuador - don't miss this tropical paradise 4.23 (286) Ecuador is a gem, and should not be missed. The Active Adventures Tapir trip ensures that you experience many of the highlights of this gorgeous country. From the outset you will experience new adventures like cycling down Mt Cotopaxi from 4,500m, walking around beautiful countryside and heading upriver to an EcoLodge. This beautiful, multi-day activities are thoroughly enjoyable, and your guide Mauro Chavez is exceptional, highly professional, capable and engaging, definately one of the best guides I've had the pleasure to meet. Varina, Black Mountain / Queensland , 65yrs, Australia
Condor - incredible Patagonia with great guides 4.56 (1149) Patagonia, both Chile and Argentina are absolutely breathtaking. The itinierary of the trip ensured that we saw all the major sights, and experienced the hiking, food and culture of both countries. Our main guide Jait, was very knowledgeable and worked tirelessly to ensure that everyone on the trip were included, whilst keeping the mood light, and everyone's spirits high. This is the way to see and experience Patagonia with Active Adventures it is an excellent trip. Varina, Black Mountain / Queensland , 65yrs, Australia
Loved it! 4.54 (4384) We thoroughly enjoyed our trip and felt we saw and experienced much of the island. Ben and Emma were exceptional guides: friendly, fun, knowledgeable, and hard working! We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary with this trip and they went out of their way to make it even more special. The sites were amazing and to top it off we had outstanding weather. Bonnie, Homer / Alaska , 57yrs, United States
Outstanding Trip!! 4.54 (4384) This trip was especially great because of our guides, Ben and Emma. I cannot say enough good things about those two. They were extremely patient, energetic, and very sincere. The trip has a wide variety of activities that allowed us to see and experience most of the South Island, keeping us away from the more congested tourist hangouts. I really felt like we saw the true South Island and not just the tourist trap attractions. The only reason I have not given it a 5 star rating is because my wife and I are very active and do very challenging trips that most people would never want to take on. It was not a trip of a lifetime for me only because of that. Take "trip of a lifetime" away from the 5 stars and just have excellent and I would mark that. Excellent trip!!!! Dave, Homer / Alaska , 54yrs, United States
Exceeded Expectations 4.54 (4384) In planning my trip to New Zealand I specifically signed on to the Rimu trip to achieve 3 goals: first to see as much of the South Island as possible in 2 weeks, second to get outdoors and get a feel for the environment and third to have fun with a group of people. My Rimu experience accomplished all three goals and then some. The mixture of driving, and daily activities was perfect. It allowed us to cover lots of terrain while getting us out and active every day. Our guides, Ben and Emma, were terrific. They were tireless workers who not only made us comfortable but created a positive group dynamic that helped bring complete strangers together into a cohesive group. Ben was great at sharing his knowledge of NZ culture and natural history. Emma was a fantastic cook who kept us well fed even at a hut at 1300 meters. Everything about the trip was well organized and well planned. Thank you for such a great experience. Tim, Stow / Massachusetts , 73yrs, United States
Awesome Nepal! 4.62 (279) What an amazing trip! Just the accomplishment of trekking all the way to Annapurna Base Camp is amazing, but the view when you get there puts it over the top! Jolene, Calgary / Alberta , 49yrs, Canada
Rimu nov. 27 - dec. 10 '17 4.54 (4384) This trip was unsurpassed by any other I've ever been a part of! Ben and Emma seemed like family to us with their wonderful cooking, extreme knowledge of the island and extraordinary skill as guides made every step of every hike better than the last! I have not stopped singing the praises of Active Adventures to my like minded friends since returning! You really 'knocked this one out of the park'! Bob, Smyrna / Georgia , 65yrs, United States
Thank You Active Adventures! 4.56 (1149) Excellent trip, great guides and new friends! Marisa, Fort Lauderdale / Florida , 42yrs, United States
Rimu - South Island 4.54 (4384) Great trip, full of discoveries away from big city centers, the kind of adventure nature lovers will appreciate to the fullest. We had a great two weeks of travelling through the real NZ landscaping natural beauty and 14 days is not enough to see or do everything. We enjoyed hiking, kayaking, biking, swimming in pristine water, caving, always surrounded by super guides who made us feel in goods hands at all time. Claude, Manotick / Ontario , 68yrs, Canada
North Island - Kauri 4.4 (1256) From the first day to the last, I have enjoyed travelling through the North Island with our fantastic guides Jo and Andy. Rain or shine there was always an interesting hike to go to, or a point of view worth stopping at and they know them all. The landscaping of NZ is fabulous in many areas and I liked the fact that we went out of the major tourist attraction points. Andy, excellent driver, is also an encyclopedia of information and such a good narrator he makes the long road trips fill shorter and very pleasant. Jo the mermaid is an excellent cook who enjoyed preparing meals for kings even in restrictive facilities. I enjoyed the fact that we could participate in a good variety of activities as we were hoping to. We felt secure at all times, we learned a lot about the Maori nation and their influence on the actual NZ. A very informative and pleasant trip overall, with excellent guides who adapt easily to any group of people or situations they have to deal with. Two tums up, I will definitely recommend this adventure to anyone who enjoys nature and culture out of their comfort zone. Claude, Manotick / Ontario , 68yrs, Canada
Rimu - Awesome South Island trip! 4.54 (4384) This trip is really a great way to experience the true beauty of the South Island. We hiked in beautiful areas with spectacular views, biked the Te Araroa track and sea kayaked in Milford Sound and in the Okarito Lagoon. Our guides, Ben and Emma, were absolutely great! They were cheerful, caring and attentive to our needs. They kept us well fed all along the trip even while hiking in remote areas with minimal cooking facilities. Accommodations were great and representative of the visited area. Thanks to one of our travel companions, we had magnificent weather for the trip duration… we cannot have asked for better temperatures. Claire, Manotick / Ontario , 67yrs, Canada
Excellent way to see New Zealand 4.4 (1256) My husband and I went on the Kauri trip in November 2017. This trip had been on our bucket list for a while and we decided to go with Active Adventures as they were offering the type of travel and activities we wanted to do in New Zealand. Our two awesome guides, Andy (encyclopedia of knowledge) and Jo (excellent cook) made us feel at home and have shown us the beautiful country of NZ while ensuring everyone had fun. We had an amazing time on the North Island and I highly recommend this trip if you enjoy outdoor activities. Claire, Manotick / Ontario , 67yrs, Canada
Very Glad We Added Kauri to Our Trip 4.4 (1256) We added Kauri to our Rimu trip because we wanted to spend more time with the Maori culture and see the north island. Our wishes were more than fulfilled by this excellent trip. Rick, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
A Deep Dive into the Understanding of the Maori Culture 4.4 (1256) Having just come from the South Trip we wondered if this trip would be more of the same. It was not. The landscape and activities were different and just as amazing. We learned so much about the history of the country, the Maori people, culture, and their language. The activities were varied and enabled us to experience the beauty of the North Island and all it has to offer. Sharon, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
Perfect in Everyway!! 4.54 (4384) With great guides, fabulous weather and scenery that is amazing, we hiked, kayaked our way through-out the South Island. We learned a lot about the country, the flora and fauna, birds and conservation efforts. Sharon, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
Outstanding Locations. Outstanding Service 4.54 (4384) We have always wanted to see New Zealand, but we didn't know how to select the best and organize a trip around these. Active Adventures gave us an answer, and on the trip, AA gave us much more than we expected. We saw amazing locations, did lots of fun activities, and had amazing service... with the guides providing great information, assistance, service and various options. Terrific! Rick, Stow, / Massachusetts , 72yrs, United States
The Most Beautiful Place in the World 4.54 (4384) Thank you to Active Adventures for a most spectacular trip. I traveled with my daughter, to celebrate her college graduation, and my brother. The Kiwi people are the friendliest people on the planet. Our guides were extremely helpful, cooked awesome meals, and taught us so much about New Zealand. They took care of everything. All we had to do was sit back and enjoy the ride. The locations for the lodging were probably the best views in all the country. We stayed right in the center of Queenstown, next to a remote area of a lake with views of Mt. Cook, in a small towns next to the ocean. They were all very clean and neat, always with a pot of tea ready, and cookies for a snack. There was always an excess of food. No one ever went hungry. In fact, I don't think I ever ate so much on holiday. The activities were fun and varied, relaxing at times, strenuous on occasion but with awesome views as payback. I am recommending this trip to all my friends, and already planning the next one. Terri, Evergreen / Colorado , 56yrs, United States
Perfect Patagonia 4.56 (1149) Had a wonderful time on the Condor trip with Cynthia. The trip was well planned and we traveled with such great folks. Couldn't have been better. Cynthia even arranged for great weather! Sarah, Larkspur / Colorado , 61yrs, United States
Nov. 2017 Condor trip with Cynthia 4.56 (1149) What an awesome trip with one of the best guides ever. I would highly recommend this to all. The scenery was amazing, the activities were sweet, and the places stayed were top notch especially the one in El Calafate. The Refugio's were nicer than expected with ok food. Jim, Larkspur / Colorado , 69yrs, United States
Trip of a life time 4.59 (1979) My wife and I planned this trip with some friends to try something new and to maximize the experience of New Zealand. We spent 8 days hiking, biking, and kayaking through the South Island. Every day was action packed with something different to do. We got to try new things, test a few of our limits that we wouldn't have normally done, and learn a few things about local culture along the way. I can't say enough good things about our guides Ben and Liana. They were enthusiastic about everything we did and full of information. They helped us push limits and get the most out of the experiences we had. Everyone I've told about our trip has been wowed by the awesome things we got to see and do. Chris, Pittsburgh / Pennsylvania , 37yrs, United States
Tui Trip Nov 2017 4.59 (1979) My husband and I, along with two other friends, went on the 8 day Tui Trip in November of 2017. It was truly the trip of a lifetime. We spent additional time in NZ on our own, but the Tui Trip was the hands down highlight. This type of trip was our of our usual wheelhouse, typically preferring city based trips, but this may have changed our outlook forever! The day hike in Siberia Valley and night spent under the stars was a personal favorite. Ben and Liana were incredible guides. They made us feel at home immediately, and kept it fun and casual throughout. Our group was the perfect size. By the end of 8 days, it felt like we were leaving a new family behind. I would recommend this trip to anyone and everyone and would do it again in a heart beat! Lindsay, Pittsburgh / Pennsylvania , 35yrs, United States
Rimu Trip - Should be #1 on Your Bucket List 4.54 (4384) First of all, the guides were "hands-down" the "BEST EVER"!!! They made this trip extra special. Katie C and Lauren were always looking out for our best interest. They were great at engaging each of us in the group, they took the time to get to know each one of us, they made sure they included groceries that you liked and more. They were fun, energetic and full of happiness! They worked very hard and feed us very well. The food was amazing!!! A big THANK YOU to both of you beautiful young women! Thank you active adventures for hiring fun and inspiring women! Vicki, Jamul / California , 60yrs, United States
2017 Oct/Nov Rimu 4.54 (4384) My 2017 Rimu trip was fantastic! Somehow our fabulous guides Ben and Emma arranged for clear sunny skies, a great mix of travelers, and an all around fun time. Seriously though, our group of 10/11 (we had a late addition) got along well from day 1 - we learned about each other's backgrounds, played cards and dice games, and shared bottles of wine. Ben and Emma worked tirelessly to make sure our travels were smooth - often 16+ hour days for them. Emma cooked wonderful meals for us and made sure everyone's dietary requests were met. Ben drove Whina (our bus) so well for so many hours to get us to our destinations - we'll never forget the tunnel! And they both were great guides on the hikes. Thanks for all the wonderful memories! Jeanne, Cary / North Carolina , 50yrs, United States
