Great Guides, Beautiful Countryside 4.72 (378) The trip was an exciting experience of New Zealand. The guides took very good care of us and helped with any of our needs and wishes. I am so pleased with the trip and would recommend it to anyone who wants to see beautiful scenery and take an active part in enjoying it. I would and may do it again . David, Amsterdam / New York , 74yrs, United States
A Marvelous Exprerience 4.72 (378) This trip was worth every penny. We had marvelous lodging that we could not have accessed on our own. Our access to trails, parks and activities was all arranged and all we had to worry about was showing up for the experience. We were truly touched by the extent to which our guides went out of their way to respond to our special food needs. I felt truly safe, supported by the experience, training and good will of our guides. I came home stronger and with new confidence that as an elder I can still take on physically challenging experiences and succeed. What a gift that is. Wendy, Amsterdam / New York , 72yrs, United States
Worth every penny! 4.56 (1149) As someone who mostly travels independently, the thought of signing up for a two week organized group trip was rather intimidating but after reading all the reviews for Active, I thought I would give it a try... and I am so glad I did! Active Adventures made everything flow effortlessly- from the second I signed up until we were dropped of at the airport. The itinerary for the Condor trip is phenomenal, covering lots of different areas of Southern Patagonia and highlighting the most beautiful places. The W trek was one of the highlights of the trip and was even more enjoyable thanks to our guide, Cem, who was a wealth of knowledge about the flora and fauna and brought such a fun energy to the group. Additionally, our tour leader, Zac, had such a positive spirit, strong sense of humor and passion for his work that showed during our two weeks getting to know him. He was so well organized and made sure everything was lined up so we could relax and enjoy our downtime- including nailing a birthday dinner and cake! Would highly recommend this trip and organization to anyone in the future! Laura, Glen Mills / Pennsylvania , 31yrs, United States
Have to Experience it to Believe it 4.74 (266) Don't know where to start and don't want to write a book but want anyone who is considering this trek to do it with Active Adventures. Why? I'm 62, still in good health and shape. Have experienced two other treks over the past ten years with other outfitters. Machu Picchu in Peru and Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. There was a huge difference in personal care and attention to expedition details. What impressed me the most was the attention to every detail required to make this trek to Base Camp not only successful but an enjoyable one too. There was not one negative experience that Active Adventure was in control over (lodging, food, permits etc). My mind was put to ease every day when our daily heart rate and oxygen levels were tested and medication was made available to you should you experience the effects of altitude sickness. Our guide’s knowledge of the history and culture of the Nepalese people added to the enjoyment of our journey. Steven, Prince Albert / Ontario , 65yrs, Canada
5 Stars x 3 4.62 (279) I rated this as 5 stars, "Excellent, the trip of a lifetime", but actually that is not totally true. It is actually 1 of 3 trips of a life time. The other two were the AA Jaguar Tour and the AA Condor tour. All three were outstanding and each qualified as a "trip of a lifetime". Ted, Rochester / Minnesota , 50yrs, United States
5 Stars x 3 4.62 (279) I rated this as 5 stars, "Excellent, the trip of a lifetime", but actually that is not totally true. It is actually 1 of 3 trips of a life time. The other two were the AA Jaguar Tour and the AA Condor tour. All three were outstanding and each qualified as a "trip of a lifetime". Stan, Byron / Minnesota , 74yrs, United States
Perfect 4.4 (1256) The trip was impressive and our guides, Jo and Andy, are awesome! Frank, / , 35yrs, Singapore
Perfect 4.4 (1256) The trip was perfect and our guides, Jo and Andy, are awesome! Tracey, Victoria / British Columbia , 54yrs, Canada
Simply Awesome 4.56 (1149) Incredible doesn't cover it. This trip gave a truly comprehensive Patagonia experience. Congratulations must go to whoever designed the sequence/structure. Each day presented us with a never-to-be-topped experience, promptly upped a notch the next..for the FULL trip duration!! No faults with accommodation, meals, transportation etc. Jay was absolutely awesome (I'll be running out of superlatives soon). Personable, great leader, communicator and guide. No problem ever became a problem. He and his brother Gem made this a real ILE (incredible life experience). Still don't know how he managed to arrange for the variety of weather and wildlife. For anyone thinking about doing this trip - don't think, DO. And I would recommend Active adventures! Justin, ancaster / Ontario , 63yrs, Canada
Exceeded my Expectations. A Trip to Treasure. 4.54 (4384) Active adventures provided an outstanding New Zealand experience. Our guides (Tory and Jordie) went above and beyond during our South Island Rimu trip. Their passion for the outdoors as well as the traditions and culture of NZ enhanced the two week journey. As guides, I was most impressed by their attention to detail and safety. I appreciated the warm smiles, gems of knowledge and yummy meals on even the challenging hike days. For my birthday, during the three day hike at Nelson Lakes National Park, Tory and Jordie surprised me with two delicious cakes to share with my new hiking family. A moment I will treasure, enhanced by the breath taking views of the alpine lake at Angelus Hut. The beauty of the country surpassed my expectations, particularly sites like Milford Sound and Mt. Cook. Such a diverse, lush landscape, each hike offered a unique perspective of the stunning views. Combined with the kayaking and biking options, allowed for an exciting and interesting mix. The highlight of my two weeks was my heli-hike on the Tasman Glacier, such an unforgettable experience. I'm looking forward to future Active Adventure trips, but will definitely keep a little piece of NZ in my heart. A truly bucket list destination. Gigi (from The Bahamas) Gigi, Morgantown / West Virginia , 40yrs, United States
Amazing Adventure! 4.54 (4384) Absolutely the BEST way to experience all the amazing things that New Zealand has to offer! This trip lived up to it's name and truly was an Active Adventure - we hiked, biked and kayaked across the gorgeous South Island. Skip the massive tour buses and join Active Adventures to go beyond the major tourist routes! Erika, San Francisco / California , 44yrs, United States
New Zealand is Majestic...Thanks Active Adventures! 4.54 (4384) This was my first trip traveling alone and traveling overseas. Active Adventures made this trip amazing and so easy. From initial planning of trip, to the moment of pick up at the airport, until drop off at the end of the adventure all details were taken care of. The guides (Amanda and Joe) were fabulous and the prepared meals were fantastic. New Zealand is truly beautiful. Thanks for sharing your country, can't wait to go back! Jennifer, Tucson / Arizona , 44yrs, United States
Unbelievable weather! 4.59 (1979) Our guides really made the trip! Katie and Eve were fantastic, and the South Island was so beautiful. I can't recommend the Tui trip enough. Katrina, Maple Valley / Washington , 43yrs, United States
Great Adventure 4.62 (279) Elder took such great care of everyone on the trip and made us all feel like family. The boys were amazing with the care they took in making sure our every need was met. Shree has a wealth of knowledge about Nepal and the mountains that is invaluable. Cheri, St. Petersburg / Florida , 63yrs, United States
Amazing Tui Trip 4.59 (1979) We had an amazing time in New Zealand and enjoyed our Tui trip of the South Island! It was an excellent way to travel and see so many different places in one trip. Our guides, Eve and Katie, were great! They were extremely knowledgeable and very attentive to our needs, and always made sure we were well fed. We would definitely recommend the Tui trip to anyone traveling to New Zealand! Dana, Phoenixville / Pennsylvania , 33yrs, United States
A Wonderful Adventure 4.78 (58) This was truly a trip of a lifetime. From the vibrant streets of Kathmandu to the peace and majesty of the Himalayas we were always seeing something new and beautiful. DK, Gokul and “the boys” looked after everything so capably. The route, food and accommodations were all excellent. Trekking was a new and challenging experience for us but left us with a real sense of accomplishment. What wonderful memories we have! Heather, Tatamagouche / Nova Scotia , 61yrs, Canada
