Heaven 4.54 (4384) Some call New Zealand home; I call it Heaven. Hiking, biking, kayaking - all with views of spectacular mountain ranges. Everything about this trip was wonderful. Now that I'm home, I'm wondering how I'll ever organize all of our photos. Valerie, Rockville / Maryland , 53yrs, United States
Rimu - NZ South Island 4.54 (4384) Our Rimu trip with Ken and Elder was truly a trip of a lifetime. The two of them were the perfect pair to lead our adventure -kind, warm, funny, and incredibly encouraging (for those of us who weren't quite sure we'd make it up the mountain!) My husband and I were fortunate to have both of our adult boys join us which made for a very memorable experience. New Zealand's South Island offered some of the most breathtaking landscapes we had ever seen. The hiking, kayaking, and biking was challenging and exhilarating. It was hard to say goodbye to the group who became like family. We have stayed in touch with some, and look forward to our next trip with Active. Gigi, Mercer Island / Washington , 60yrs, United States
Wow! What a trip! 4.54 (4384) We had an absolute blast exploring the South Island with two legendary guides, Ken and Elder. Amazing hiking and other activities, great food, and awesome company! Jordan, Mercer Island / Washington , 29yrs, United States
One of the best trips I've been on. 4.54 (4384) Ken and Elder were such great guides and the passion they displayed was fantastic. Justen, Seattle / Washington , 26yrs, United States
It doesn't get much better! 4.54 (4384) What a fantastic time traveling with family and new-found friends! New Zealand is an absolutely beautiful country, with thrills and adventure around every corner (and there a lot of them)! Our guides Ken and Elder were as good as they come; from their knowledge of the country, to their welcomed encouragement on the trail and the water. Oh, and did I mention their wholesome and delicious cooking?!? I would not hesitate to travel with Active Adventures again. Their organization, communication and willingness to please were simply over the top. Next year in Patagonia perhaps??? Dean, Mercer Island / Washington , 62yrs, United States
Mt. Everest Base Camp Trip Review 4.74 (266) It was the trip of a life time. I really enjoyed my trip! Arjun and Elder were the best guides. Though got sick at the end but Arjun and Elder were there like family members to take care of me and I’m grateful for their great service! Riaz, livermore / California , 53yrs, United States
Couldn't be more pleased 4.74 (266) Pleased especially that I made it to EBC! Out of the 10 of us 5 made it all the way. Can't believe this old man (63) was one of them. I know the only reason I did make it was due to the excellent leaders and sherpas. They were incredibly attentive and professional. We all feel how lucky we were to have the trek leaders that we had, and to have such a fun group. It far exceeded my expectations; the incredible mountains, accommodations, ample food, and exceptional leadership. The acclimation days and the slow steady pace are all that attributed to my personal success. Thank you especially Elder and Argen. I hope to take another of your treks next year, looking at Peru. Thank you to the entire Active Adventures team! Mark, Berkeley / California , 66yrs, United States
The Best Way to Spend my 30th Birthday! 4.54 (4384) Going to New Zealand has been at the very top of my bucket list for quite a long time and I finally decided to scratch it off when I turned 30. Active Adventures was, from the beginning, the only tour group I would consider travelling with. They were the only group that not only had everything I wanted to do in New Zealand, but also had the highest level of professionalism and ratings that made me trust them. From the moment they picked us up at the airport I was certain I’d judged them correctly. Tess was simply an amazing tour guide (we called her mum because that’s exactly how we felt about her) not only was she fun, she took care of us, fed us, and kept us organized. Andy supplemented the tour with such interesting history and facts that I felt like I was on a school trip (in a good way!). All in all it was an amazing vacation, and I wouldn’t change a thing about it! Thank you Active Adventures for making my 30th the year to remember! Dani, #105 / Florida , 33yrs, United States
Everest Base Camp, Sept - Oct 2017 4.74 (266) Great trip. Elder and Arjun are so great. They make an awesome team and really care about the people on the trip and the people working with them. The Himalayas are too hard to describe and pictures do not do them justice. There is no scale to compare them to when talking about them. You simply have to see it. Oh, Ama Dablam is magnificent. There were times when the scenery literally brought tears to my eyes. In a good way. Kathmandu is an experience for sure, but have mixed emotions about the city itself. Brandon, Brownsburg / Indiana , 50yrs, United States
7 Day Jaguar Adventure 4.5 (2035) I have nothing but positive reviews for this week-long adventure of a lifetime (I would have loved to stay on for the full 14 day experience, but unfortunately work responsibilities limited my time away). As a seasoned solo traveler/hiker, and it being my 30th birthday week, I must rank this trip as my top guided-tour experience. Everything from the Lares Inca Trail experience (with its less crowded characteristics making it a much more attractive alternative to the Classic Inca Trail, at least to me), to the accommodations, the food (which can be catered to most anyone’s dietary needs, at least from what I experienced both first hand and from others in the group...still not sure how the chef/porters can transport all that fresh food and whip up such fantastic meals miles and miles from the nearest town!?), our tour leader Daniel and other affiliated guides and porters...quite honestly above and beyond what my original expectations were for the trip! I met several fellow hikers from around the world with whom I bonded and would now call lifelong friends, and have numerous photos and memories to last a lifetime! I would also like to mention that during our 4 day/3 night hike, we encountered several other hikers along the trail who were with various other tour companies (some of which I had researched prior to booking with Active Adventures), and were told several stories about various mishaps and/or negative experiences they were having with their tour leaders...perhaps we lucked out with our fantastic tour leader, but I definitely do not regret for a second my decision to ring in the third decade of my life with Active Adventures! I can’t thank you guys enough and will definitely keep you in mind for my next hiking adventure, wherever that may be :) Kevin, Dover / New Hampshire , 33yrs, United States
Annapurna Sanctuary Trek 4.62 (279) Great trip, well organized and guided. Our guide Amanda (Button) and Nepalese guide Shree were a lot of fun to spend time with. They managed the pace of the trek well and all came through with no problems. The weather this time of year turned out to be excellent. I'd do another trip with Active. Dick, Wenatchee / Washington , 70yrs, United States
Taste of Peru 4.5 (2035) What an amazing trip! 14 days really gives a good taste of Peru. From high elevations of Cusco, Sacred Valley and the Lares Trail to the mysticism of Macchu Picchu, on to the loud cicadas of the jungle and the floating islands and welcoming Amantai family on lake Titicaca, this is a bucket list trip that will give you a taste of Peru that will make you want to return. Natalya, Highlands Ranch / Colorado , 46yrs, United States
Great Trip 4.63 (491) Great trip! Diverse and interesting hikes, bike riding, and kayaking in spectacular landscape. I particularly appreciated having all the trip details covered, so I didn't need to worry about any of the arrangements. A turn-key experience. Ian, San Francisco / California , 61yrs, United States
2017 Iguana Trip 4.52 (111) The Peru portion of the trip was spectacular. Erick truly cares about the overall experience of his clients. He paid attention to all the details of the trip from the experiences of the country, the restaurants and the excursions. He didn't leave any stone unturned when it came to having fun and caring about his clients. I highly recommend Erick to anyone wanting to have a fabulous time in Peru. Will, Orlando / Florida , 49yrs, United States
2017 Iguana Trip 4.52 (111) The Peru portion of the trip with Erick was spectacular. Erick's attention to detail, compassion for each individual on the trip and genuine love for Peru made this portion of the trip absolutely amazing. JoJo, Orlando / Florida , 46yrs, United States
Best Ever! 4.5 (2035) Just returned from the Jaguar trip/Lares Trail option and can't say enough good things about the whole experience. We had some mishaps along the way...sickness, stolen/lost passports, etc, and our experienced guide, ZAC, was steady, kind, and sure (and had a great sense of humor). We were well taken care of, well-fed, had great sleeping accommodations, and had so much fun... I highly recommend Active Adventures! You will not be disappointed! Cynthia, Camp Hill / Pennsylvania , 62yrs, United States
Galapagos Trip Was Everything I Imagined and More 4.56 (1458) This was my second trip with Active Adventures and again they did not disappoint. From the easy booking process, personal attention, and gentle reminders everything runs smoothly from day one. Bonnie, Studio City / California , 65yrs, United States
Ecuador - August, 2017 4.23 (286) This trip was even more incredible than we thought it was going to be! We met such wonderful people while enjoying phenomenal scenery. We experienced something new each day and will treasure our unforgettable memories of Ecuador! Stephanie, St. Louis Park / Minnesota , 54yrs, United States
Ecuador 4.23 (286) We had an amazing week in Ecuador. Each day was a new adventure, and the scenery was beautiful. The best part was Jhayro, our tour guide. He was knowledgable, personable, and genuine. We could tell that he wanted us to experience how special Ecuador is. Ryan, St. Louis Park / Minnesota , 37yrs, United States
Fantastic trip 4.56 (1149) This was my first hiking trip, and I must say it was fantastic!!! Patagonia is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been (and I travel a lot). I want to mention that you have to be in reasonably good physical condition to enjoy this trip. I am glad that I trained for it. Arturo, our tour guide and Catherine (the W Trail guide) were excellent. They also made sure that they accommodated my dietary requirements (gluten, diary, and soy free) on the W Trail, which is not an easy task. I enjoyed every moment of the trip. I will definitely book another trip with Active Adventures, now that I know how much I enjoy hiking and active trips. Simona, Lansdale / Pennsylvania , 55yrs, United States
Dolomiti 4.73 (69) This active adventure was wonderful for me. In fact, one of the best trips I have ever taken. I loved the trekking, fellow trekkers, guides, food, history, etc. All of it. What an amazing, beautiful, fun vacation. I feel so fit! Jenny, Papa’aloa / Hawaii , 69yrs, United States
EBC with Dan K 4.74 (266) I had a great time with wonderful team members, guides and porters. I will remember this trip as one of the best and treasure the memories for long, long time. Fusa, Greenfield / Massachusetts , 68yrs, United States
Most Awesome 4.73 (164) Our Tour du Mont Blanc was nothing short of awesome. Challenging hikes, spectacular mountains, wonderful food and fantastic guides. Lark, Boulder / Colorado , 53yrs, United States
Peru in June 2017 4.5 (2035) It is easy to love Peru traveling with Active Adventures! Cynthia was absolutely fantastic, made sure all went smooth and really took care of us. Great memories were made. Michele, Pittstown / New Jersey , 59yrs, United States
Hiking in the Alps 4.73 (164) The trip with Active Adventures to the Mount Blanc area was great. The scenery is unbelievable in all three countries. The hikes were all wonderful and yet very demanding. That made the trip even more rewarding for us. We got to do things we never have done before on the off day. Paragliding in Chamonix was a first and fabulous. All of the small towns we travelled to were lovely. The accommodations in these towns were great. Nice small hotels that all were so much a part of those towns. All of the meals were also great. The lunches were just the right amount and much of the local food such as cheese. All of the dinners were very good. Our tour guides were great. Jean-Marc knows the Mount Blanc area so well. Andy was always available and helpful. Together they made the trip a pleasure. Harry, Brentwood / California , 68yrs, United States
My Mont Blanc Circuit 4.73 (164) This trip not only provided an upfront tour of one of the most beautiful places in Europe,but with amazing guidance, it pushes you out of your comfort zone both physically and mentally. In addition you make new wonderful friends who encourage you along the way. Almost everyone on our trip had been on multiple Active Adventures before which shows what a wonderful company it is. We started planning our next trip before we flew home. Linda, Brentwood / California , 67yrs, United States
Outstanding Adventure Vacation 4.59 (1979) Our Active Adventures trip was outstanding! The entire process was a tremendous experience. Staff were responsive and friendly during the "sign up" phase. Our guides Jordie and Holly are two of the finest professional, friendly and knowledgeable guides we've had the pleasure to work with. Shout out for both of these wonderful people! They did a marvelous job managing group dynamics to ensure everyone was motivated and individual needs were met. Well trained and both have mastered the skillful art of quality customer service. Keep up the good work! Lilly, Bellaire / Texas , 58yrs, United States
A Great Eight Days 4.59 (1979) My wife, Shanen, and I had a goal of running a marathon on all seven continents and our seventh took place on March 18, in Rotorua, NZ. So two days after completing our goal, we returned to Christchurch and met up with our guides, Hillary and Dan, along with our fellow travelers. As good fortune would have it we all clicked as a group and off we went. For the remainder of our journey it was clear that both Hillary and Dan took great joy in what they do. Furthermore, and of great importance to us, they ensured meals had met our vegetarian and vegan needs. We were never made to feel our dietary needs were inconvenient to them and they were handled in such a way that all of us were able to enjoy our group meals. The actual adventure was well planned out and the expectations of each day were always explained. Our group was one that started together, made sure all finished and enjoyed the adventure. John, Yuma / Arizona , 63yrs, United States
Barb's Review 4.5 (2035) Our guides (we had 2 because of the split of trail that the team choose to take) were very knowledgeable, attentive, and extremely personable and made the trip wonderful! Barb, Sacramento / California , 64yrs, United States
Amazing Trip 4.5 (2035) The Peru Jaguar trip we took in May, was the most exciting and adventurous trip we have ever made in our lives! At 70, I was skeptical as to whether I could complete the Inca Trail or not. With Johan's help and support, I not only accomplished my goal, but was extremely satisfied with our total active adventure trip. It seemed as if every time I turned my head, there was another exhilarating scene to photograph. The rest of the trip included the amazon rainforest, and spending the night with a local family on Lake Titicaca which was great. I would highly recommend this trip to anyone wishing to explore the world's unknown places that only a few select get to experience. Our guide Erick Farfan was an exceptional young man who went out of his way not just for us, but the entire group. I've never had someone so attentive to every detail to make all of us happy. His choice of restaurants allowed all of us to experience the local foods and were all very tasty. Kudos to Erick, Johan and the rest of the crew for making my experience once in a lifetime which I will never stop talking about. Bob, El Paso / Texas , 73yrs, United States
Amazing Adventure 4.5 (2035) what an amazing adventure we had! we enjoyed every bit of our Jaguar trip and would recommend Active Adventures to anyone who asks! The trip was very well organized and the guides were all informative and amazing. Our main guide, Erick Farfan was the best! he always made sure everything ran smoothly and had to deal with many different personalities on this trip but made it all work. The Inka trail was a tough trail for me due to the altitude but what an amazing feeling once you complete it and arrive at the sun gate! We thoroughly enjoyed the jungle as well as the visit to lake titicaca and our local family that we stayed with. look forward to our next amazing adventure with you! Hoping to do Patagonia soon! Brigitte, El Paso / Texas , 59yrs, United States
Smorgasbord. 4.4 (1256) A great way to explore the North Island and get a taste of different activities. Ineke, Victoria / British Columbia , 74yrs, Canada
