Best trip ever! 4.56 (1458) Wonderful 30th anniversary trip to the Galapagos -- so glad we were able to explore these amazing islands. A true adventure for two biology majors! We really got a sense of the strong environmental preservation efforts underway there, and were in awe of the amazing land and sea creatures we encountered. Plus a terrific local guide and fun group of co-travelers made this a trip of a lifetime! Shirley, Bedford / Massachusetts , 61yrs, United States
Active is the Word! 4.56 (1149) I thoroughly enjoyed my Condor adventure. I've been on a few of these hosted by other companies and I think Active Adventures is the best so far - a good value too. When you say all-inclusive, you mean it. We often ordered whatever we wanted right off the menu. Arturo and the other guides did a great job. The itinerary was excellent - I know because a few times we barely made the connection to a boat. There was little down time. Doing the W Hike in the first week is also key - We were fresh and ready then. The weather on our trip was not ideal. We totally missed seeing Fitz Roy, despite 4 days in El Chalten. Oh well. Mother Nature didn't cooperate. The only thing that would've made the trip better would be better accommodations at some of the refugios. I know you can't control this and there's not a lot of choice, but, boy, some of those shower facilities and bathrooms were just awful. I'm looking forward to hiking with you guys again soon. :) Henry, Chicago / Illinois , 60yrs, United States
Kiwi 4.72 (378) We had a great time. New Zealand is beautiful and our tour guides, Koru and Jess, showed it to us to perfection. Great hikes, terrific food, wonderful companions and ideal locations. Ellen, Glenwood Springs / Colorado , 67yrs, United States
Virgin Active Adventurist-When can I do it again?! 4.59 (1979) Fabulous trip! Not having to drive, research stops, plan activities, arrange accommodations and decide what to eat made this so relaxing, letting us enjoy every minute of every activity and even the down time! I can't wait to sign up for another trip! Karen, Apple Valley / Minnesota , 59yrs, United States
Lots of fun, great guides 4.4 (1256) Guides Phil & Jo kept us busy with a variety of fun activities. The time just flew. I'd love to join another trip led by Phil & Jo. Rich, Poughkeepsie / New York , 73yrs, United States
Have recommended to friends 4.72 (378) When I returned home, all my friends asked about my Active Adventures adventure. It was wonderful - I have recommended Kiwi to them. Great guides, Michelle & Jess, flexibly rescheduled hikes considering the weather. Rich, Poughkeepsie / New York , 73yrs, United States
Excellent NZ Adventures! 4.54 (4384) My Rimu Active Adventure trip exceeded my high expectations. The hikes, backpacking, kayaking, and cycling adventures were thrilling, fun, and beautiful. Luckily for our group, we had absolutely perfect weather every day of the trip! Dani and Hilary were tremendous guides who taught me a lot about Kiwi life. Highlights for me were the 3-day backpacking tramp in Nelson Lakes National Park to Angelus Hut and kayaking in Milford Sound. I appreciated that we mostly stayed in local lodges, hotels, inns. I recommend this trip to anyone who wants to truly explore the stunningly beautiful South Island of New Zealand with wonderful friendly guides. Brian, Seattle / Washington , 49yrs, United States
Review of the Kiwi trip 4.72 (378) I chose to visit NZ with Active Adventures because I wanted to experience the South Island from tip to toe in an active fashion. The trip was exactly what I wanted. I loved hiking and kayaking, enjoyed visiting the towns and was swept away by the scenery. I learned a lot about the country's history, geology and mythology from my two guides. And I had fun. Barbara, Bethesda / Maryland , 63yrs, United States
Exceeded all expectations 4.54 (4384) Our Rimu trip truly exceeded all expectations. Our Active guides, Rachael and Gary were wonderful guides with so much knowledge to share with us about the New Zealand culture, wildlife, history, and geography that we encountered along the way. This was truly an adventure of a lifetime that my son and I will always treasure. Mia, Plymouth / Michigan , 55yrs, United States
Feb 12 2017 Tui with Greg and Melissa 4.59 (1979) The weather slowed us down on the first couple of days. But after that it was an amazing experience. The views, the activities and the guides made it easy. Coordinating the activities, transportation, food, etc. Ross, Foothill Ranch / California , 61yrs, United States
Jan 31 2017 Kauri with Andrew and Jo 4.4 (1256) Awesome trip. Andy and Jo were excellent guides. Loved Andy's music selection. Themed for the various activities (played Queen Fat Bottom Girls as we drove to mountain biking). He gave us great insight into the history of New Zealand as well as the flora and fauna. And Jo was an excellent cook and companion. Ross, Foothill Ranch / California , 61yrs, United States
Southbound Rimu trip 4.54 (4384) After being on a Galapagos trip I thought I knew what to expect! Galapagos was amazing too but this trip was an experience in itself!! Every hike was an adventure and the rewards for getting to the top were a treasure to be seen!! A huge thanks to Rachel and Gary for their knowledge and everything they did to make this trip incredible! Kathy, Munster / Indiana , 45yrs, United States
Beautiful, perfect trip! 4.59 (1979) The Tui trip was a perfect way to see parts of New Zealand on a short time frame. I was concerned traveling by myself, and this trip was the perfect way to do it. Between the the most spectacular scenery, the knowledge of the guides, and the varied and incredible itinerary, this really was the trip of a lifetime for me. Rosie, New York / New York , 35yrs, United States
Best Trip Ever 4.54 (4384) You go hiking, exert yourself, see spectacular views, and you think "this is the best day, it can't get better than this." Then you go kayaking, see wildlife, lush rain forest and red tinted water, all with the backdrop of snow capped mountains, and you think "no, this is the best day, it can't get better this. Then you go biking along a teal colored river and through a birch forest with snow capped mountains ringing a suddenly peaceful lake and you think, "okay, THIS is the best day." And then you drive to Milford Sound, gawk in awe at waterfalls tumbling down towering cliffs along the road and you get to the Sound and you kayak with dolphins, and you come to the realization, "this is my New Zealand trip, every day better than the last," so that on your last day when you are lying beneath the stars, staring at the Milky Way and the Southern Cross, you know you've experienced something beyond special. Tanya, Colorado Springs / Colorado , 42yrs, United States
Patagonia Dreaming 4.56 (1149) I had wanted to hike in Patagonia since the 1980's when I was heavy into mountaineering in Seattle, WA. I had lost this dream until we saw that Active Adventures offers the Condor trip. I loved every windy and even drippy step of the W trek. My first view of Grey Glacier took my breath away. And then we had Fitzroy and Cerro Torre in glorious sunshine. A dream of adventure come true! Marilyn, Bellingham / Washington , 72yrs, United States
Truely an Amazing Vacation 4.56 (1149) We really enjoyed this beautiful land. Cynthia and Paula (local guide) did an outstanding job of organizing and taking care of our group. They really enjoyed explaining the geology as well as the flora and fauna we were looking at. There was always time for pictures or views as we moved along this picture perfect land. Stephen, Bellingham / Washington , 72yrs, United States
Tui in February 4.59 (1979) I combined Kauri with Tui and it was the perfect blend to see both Islands in New Zealand. My Tui experience was terrific. It certainly was an active adventure! Andrea, Vero Beach / Florida , 60yrs, United States
Kauri 4.4 (1256) I combined the Kauri trip, last 5 days, with the Tui trip on the South Island. I did not have enough time to do the full 11-day trip. I am really happy with my decision to do the last 5 days. Crossing the Tongariro Alpine Crossing was an amazing experience! I loved everything about this trip... Andy and Jo were absolutely awesome! Andrea, Vero Beach / Florida , 60yrs, United States
Better than expected 4.56 (1149) I had done one group tour before and lots of hiking with my local hiking club, but this tour was beyond what I was expecting. The people, the guide, the coordination and logistics - all were fantastic and well done. Of course, what truly made the trip was the amazing location and breathtaking adventure. Amy, Boston / Massachusetts , 41yrs, United States
Most awesome! 4.72 (378) What a great adventure with Koru and Jess. This trip met and exceeded my expectations. Plenty of hiking, beautiful views and delicious meals. It ended all too soon. Would recommend this to anyone wanting adventure into the great outdoors of New Zealand. Liz, Silverton / Oregon , 75yrs, United States
Yes: Adventure! 4.72 (378) Really enjoyed the natural wonders away from civilization and tourist traps. Our guides, Koru and Jess took outstanding care of us. Hank, Silverton / Oregon , 75yrs, United States
Amazing trip, well run operation by people who love what they do 4.56 (1149) Overall, a great trip! Patagonia is everything imagined and more. No picture represent the feeling of being there with eyes closed. Treks little harder on two days of the trip: First day (Torres Del Paine) and Mount Fitz Roy trek (25kms), but rewards outweigh the effort. All guides, Cynthia, Gem, Paula were outstanding. Vijay, Solon / Ohio , 53yrs, United States
An Outstanding Time! 4.4 (1256) The north island deserves more notice than it gets in the press. A different world than the south island, well worth any time you can give it. Lissa, Shady Valley / Tennessee , 67yrs, United States
Wonderful Choice! 4.59 (1979) A trip to New Zealand was on my "bucket list" and my husband chose this trip for the south island. I think this is a wonderful way to see the outstanding scenery of the south island. We will be back! Lissa, Shady Valley / Tennessee , 67yrs, United States
Bonzer trip to the South Island 4.59 (1979) Thanks to Greg and Mel for a memorable exploration of New Zealand's South Island. Need to come back to enjoy the wonders of this place. Ted, Shady Valley / Tennessee , 63yrs, United States
Well done, Andy & Jo 4.4 (1256) Many thanks to Andy and Jo, guides to our 2nd half of the Kauri trip. The hiking was outstanding, and the varied other activities just made this trip that more special. Ted, Shady Valley / Tennessee , 63yrs, United States
Condor 4.56 (1149) This trip was excellent. The guides were fantastic (super friendly and great with seamlessly managing various ages of people and fitness levels), it was very well organized and the weather held all but two days of the entire trip allowing really amazing views of most mountain vistas. A real must for the bucket list. Kathleen, Wauwatosa / Wisconsin , 53yrs, United States
Like A Postcard 4.56 (1149) The mountains, glaciers and icebergs of Patagonia were some of the most incredible sites I have ever seen. Many days were like walking into a postcard. "Am I really here?" Active took the worry out of the travel and planning and our guides were incredible! Arturo made the trip and our local guides were knowledgeable and skilled - Cem and Juan were great! Thanks Active for an amazing journey! Sarah, Wauwatosa / Wisconsin , 48yrs, United States
Truly the trip of a lifetime! 4.54 (4384) The trip was everything we wanted it to be: We went beyond the tour bus stops to explore the true New Zealand wilderness. Our guides approached every day with good humor and great energy, making every day physically challenging and fun. We can't wait to get out there again. Jennifer, Nashville / Tennessee , 58yrs, United States
See the best of Patagonia and eat like a king! 4.56 (1149) Great itinerary to see Chilean and Argentine Patagonia! While many people come to hike Torres del Paine, which is awesome, I thought Mount Fit Roy and Cerro Torre were even more spectacular in Argentina! Wished we could have hiked to more places in Argentina. Also loved the food and the ability to choose your own meals! I ate like a king! Patrick, Denver / Colorado , 46yrs, United States
Great trip! Wonderful guides! 4.54 (4384) We loved our Rimu adventure! Tia and Tess were fabulous guides. Always cheerful and wonderful ambassadors for their country. The trip was a great mix of touring and challenging mountain experiences. Carl, Riverside / Rhode Island , 72yrs, United States
BEST TRIP EVER!!! 4.56 (1458) This trip was a dream come true with a BIG unexpected surprise...I swam with a whale shark. Active Adventures has thought of everything. You need to bring your clothes, quick dry is a must, and personal items. All activity amenities are supplied, including a long or short sleeve wetsuit. If you use a prescription mask in the water, bring it along. All the work is done for you. Your guide will let you know what time to be ready and off you go. Everything ran on time, no waiting for anything (once we did wait 4 minutes at the airport for the van). Even meals were ordered ahead and served within a few minutes of sitting down. We ate at many of the best restaurants. I felt like a princess. The Galapagos animals even did their part by 'posing' for great pics. We saw all the great sites while our guide educated us on the topic. Our guide, Pablo, is amazing. The whale shark...while boating between islands, we saw a group of dolphins. Then, we saw the whale shark. Pablo handed out mask a few of us gently jumped in the water to 'swim' with the 30ft long animal. Yes, we have videos thanks to our boat captain and one person with a go pro. Active Adventures does it right. Kim, San Antonio / Texas , 57yrs, United States
Tui experience 4.59 (1979) This trip provided a good balance of activities with the necessary travel time to access the different parts of the South Island. The trip was well organized, and the guides were super. They accommodated our individual desires and capabilities, as well as being good cooks, leaders, and knowledgeable guides. Our group quickly melded into collegial and interesting companions, and that make the experience that much better. The itinerary provides a taste all that the South Island offers. I'm happy to have chosen this company to tour with. Gary, Cave Creek / Arizona , 69yrs, United States
Wonderful Adventure around the South Island 4.5 (349) We do a lot of travelling and this was one of the best trips we have ever done. the guides - Elder and Nick - are top notch. Their attention to detail, sense of humour and advanced cooking skills made the trip. The weather made it a bit of a challenge, particularly on the west (wet) coast, but they kept our spirits up and all of us safe and sound. I highly recommend this trip to anyone who wishes to see and experience the most of what the South Island has to offer. In slightly less than 2 weeks. If you are mentally prepared for some coolish, wet weather, so much the better. This was an active trip, with many options for additional cycling and hiking, which we took advantage of - which made it all the better. Fitness helped a lot. A must do. Murray, Ottawa / Ontario , 62yrs, Canada
Memorable South Island NZ 4.5 (349) This is one active trip with never a dull moment. We experienced real rain forest rain and snow capped mountains from afar and close up and personal. The contagious energy of the guides created a fun and physically challenging adventure. Leslie, Ottawa / Ontario , 62yrs, Canada
Birthday we'll never forget 4.59 (1979) We expected a great trip with where we were going, BUT Active Adventures guides (Michele and Rachael) made it that much more special. Their knowledge, expertise and storytelling abilities made it fun and engaging. Accommodations were better than anticipated, they were great. An absolute must for those thinking about this type of a trip. Liz, Santa Ana / California , 63yrs, United States
One Honey Sweet of an Adventure 4.45 (824) Outstanding tramping with superior guides Jim, Johnstown / Pennsylvania , 75yrs, United States
Graduation gift of a lifetime 4.59 (1979) As a recent college graduate, the one thing I wanted to do was travel. I was completely unfamiliar with New Zealand, and my parents wanted to ensure I was safe and could know where I was going each day. Active Adventures was a great way to have the time of my life while being safe. Our group ranged in activity levels, but Andy and Jo made sure we all were comfortable while encouraging us every step of the way. From my initial call with the Active team, to booking, and eventually the trip, I did not have a single problem and had the experience of a lifetime! Thanks Mom and Dad, and thank you Active Adventures! Sara, Yardley / Pennsylvania , 26yrs, United States
South Island Treking trip 4.45 (824) We are both keen walkers and had the Milford Trek on our hit list. We have already done the C2C in the UK, The Inca trail and the TMB in Europe (also in the 'top ten'). The Manuka trip allowed us to do the Milford Trek but also walk other treks on S Island such as The Diamond Lake and Mount Cook which were also awesome. The Milford Trek does live up to its name as 'The finest walk in the World'! The scenery everywhere is truly spectacular even when it rains which often enhances the experience. Dave, York / East Yorkshire , 65yrs, United Kingdom
4.56 (1458) There is no way we could have planned all the adventures we had on this trip. The logistics and coordination efforts were well thought out. Our guide was very knowledgeable and a lot of fun to be with. The accommodations were wonderful, food fit for a king and animals to entertain us at every turn. It truly was a trip to remember!! Marianne, Blairsville / Georgia , 62yrs, United States
