A Fantastic trip 4.54 (4384) This is the best way to tour South Island of New Zealand. Enjoy the spectacular views, experience the first hand of back country and meet the physical challenges. With small group of people and two dedicated guides, what else one ask for? Sha, Lawrence / Kansas , 66yrs, United States
Excellent Trip 4.54 (4384) If you like outdoor activities this is your dream trip. The itinerary is very well planned. The scenery and landscapes are beautiful. Our guides Tia and Alex are fabulous. They are youthful, caring, knowledgeable, and extremely professional. Their hardwork made the entire trip smooth and enjoyable. Everyday is packed with interesting and exciting outdoor activities: multi-day hiking in Nelson Lake NP, kayaking in Milford Sound, biking along the shore of Wanaka Lake, and day hiking the Routeburn, Kepler, Sealy Tarns, Hooker Valley and many other beautiful short tracks in various NPs of the South Island. The group mates are very friendly and fun and the small group size made it easy to socialize. In addition, the food is healthy and very delicious. Thanks to every member of the group, in particular our great guides Tia and Alex, it is your care, warmth, encouragement, and tolerance that made this trip truly unforgettable. Hans, LAWRENCE / Kansas , 65yrs, United States
Best Guides ever!!! 4.5 (349) We didn't have the best weather on this trip, but Nick and Elder were able to bring out the best in all of us. Their energy was boundless, their cooking was superb, and their humor and good natures made every day a pleasure. Sherry, Abiquiu / New Mexico , 72yrs, United States
Kiwi & Active Adventures - Perfect! 4.4 (1256) With great anticipation, and admittedly high expectations, Ann and I left New Orleans on Christmas Day to begin our trip to the North Island of New Zealand. We each had long wanted to see this special place! From the moment that Phil and Vanessa picked us up, until the time that Phil and Elder dropped us at the airport for our return flight, we could not have been happier, or more satisfied, with our trip. Phil, Vanessa, and Elder were perfect guides... and hosts. The history and information that Phil shared along the way helped us understand, and therefore appreciate even more, the places we visited and the people we met. We fell in love with the North Island, and its people and history! With Active Adventures having arranged practically everything, and Phil, Vanessa, and Elder taking great care of us along the way (even preparing our last 2 wonderful evening meals), we had nothing to do but rise each morning and enjoy our day! Perfect! Thad, Covington / Louisiana , 63yrs, United States
Amazing Honeymoon Experience 4.59 (1979) We decided to travel around NZ with Active Adventures for our honeymoon. What an incredible decision! All the logistics were taken care of for us, so we didn't have to worry about any of it while we were focusing on planning the wedding. The staff were terrific....excellent tour guides and went above and beyond for us. New Zealand itself is such a gorgeous place and was a great place to kick off married life. Active Adventures really does it right and the group sizes (max 14) are perfect. We had an amazing experience and plan to travel with Active Adventures again on our next adventure! Crista, Englewood / Colorado , 37yrs, United States
Awesome 4.56 (1149) Just returned from two weeks travelling with Active Adventures in Patagonia and it could not have been better. The scenery was spectacular, the days and evenings varied and interesting and we ate and were treated like royalty. Everything was first class on our trip including our tour leader Arturo Rojas who was professional and just awesome in every way. We had a group of 15 trekkers and we very quickly became fast friends. I'm sure there are many companies out there but from my experience I don't think you can go wrong with Active Adventures. I'm already looking forward to my next trip with them. Bill, Stoughton / Massachusetts , 65yrs, United States
Patagonia 2016 4.56 (1149) Trip was amazing - Harder the hikes the better the view Dean, Stoughton / Massachusetts , 31yrs, United States
Fantabulous 4.56 (1149) A simply amazing trip-- pristine scenery, magical and majestic mountains, and all coordinated seamlessly by a fantastic trip leader and guides. Our family of seven-- spanning the ages of 78 to 12-- was perfectly supported, educated, and delighted by Arturo our trip leader and the local guides. They are all kind, fun, and experienced. Cem was true to his name, a gem, ever so patient with those of us with sore joints, and always with a sparkle or story to share. Krista, Sarasota / Florida , 51yrs, United States
Squeege perfect 4.56 (1149) Mountains, rock climbing, kayaking, penguins, glaciers, flamingos, and awesome food-- patagonia has it all! Arturo's laugh made me laugh all that much harder, and Cem is the best at everything adventurous. An incredible Christmas present for us all! Camille, Sarasota / Florida , 16yrs, United States
It rocked! 4.56 (1149) Awesome group trip, especially from someone who likes to do it on their own. Guides, travel arrangements, ease of it all was incredible-- perfect. Harold, Sarasota / Florida , 53yrs, United States
Latitude 53 degrees and Loving It, 4.56 (1149) What a privilege it was to travel to Patagonia with three generations of our family. It is such a beautiful part of the world but also, so removed from the anxieties and pressures of the modern, social media/plugged-in world, and the Trump nastiness. The trekking was especially beautiful with the wild flowers in bloom and sunshine on our shoulders. Active Adventures organized us perfectly in the sense that our transportation, refugios, and food were efficiently and tastefully selected. Arturo was so, so nice to our grandkids. Chem was delightful and so kind. What brilliant new friends we made and how kind and inclusive they were with the teenagers we had in tow. We loved the ACTIVE in Adventures. We earned our good meals and good beds by stretching our limits over our two week trek. My husband and I were by far the oldest pair on the trail, but we loved it and who knows, maybe we will be back for our 60th anniversary. Carolyn, Sarasota / Florida , 76yrs, United States
Kauri 4.4 (1256) What an amazing introduction to the North Island. Every day was unique - starting with the hiking and boogie boarding on the sand dunes to seeing a kiwi released was exceptional. Walking through the rain forest and seeing the phenomenal kauri trees are memories we will treasure forever! Ben, Carstairs / Alberta , 76yrs, Canada
Weka---- Best day ever--14 days running 4.5 (349) Capable, energetic and enthusiastic guides, great fun, exciting cycling. Exceptional vistas that took our breath away, sparking waterfalls, pristine mountains and streams, Variety of cycling from road to single track with some fun stream crossings. Guides prepared delicious meals with presentation worthy of a top end restaurant. Best Day Ever best trip we ever had. Ben, Carstairs / Alberta , 76yrs, Canada
Amazing Trip 4.56 (1458) My wife and I joined this tour as part of our honeymoon trip and we couldn't of been happier. Everything was unbelievably well organized, the accommodations exceeded our expectations, the size of the group was great and there was a good range of activities that enabled us to get a good feel of all the diversity found in the Gal?pagos Islands. We have never used a tour company before when travelling as we like to have flexibility, choose our own accommodations, avoid crowds and be active. However, I would definitely recommend Active Adventures to anybody and would definitely do another tour with them. Thanks for everything!! Mark, / Alberta , 33yrs, Canada
Best trip I have ever taken 4.54 (4384) There are many layers to this trip 1. The Group - It was really fun being in a group, and our group was really fun! Sometimes I hung out with people in my family, sometimes I hung out with someone else in the group. This variety and freedom was very enjoyable. 2. The Guides - Koru and Ash were sooo great. Koru is a polished, learned and experienced leader. Ash is a fabulous cook, so much fun, and cared about each of us on the trip. 3. The Country - Stunning! We covered so much of the South Island that we were able to see many sides of it's weather and terrain. Really great route. 4. Activities - It was great sharing a physical activity with others, something I know brings people together. Hiking was great. At the end of a long hike was a fabulous surprise, like a glacial lake with ice burgs, or a beautiful high-mountain vista, or a glo-worm tunnel. Biking was super fun, and I wish there had been one more day of it. In hind site I personally would have selected the biking 3day excursion. The kayaking was great. Heavy chop or glassy lakes, we kayaked in it. 5. Accommodations - These were just great. As nice as it can be being out in the countryside. I loved how we all ate together every meal. 5. Pace - I thought the trip was very well planned. Just when we needed a break in the beginning from jet lag, and our trip activities, a two day respite was there in Queenstown where we could recharge. I recharged and my family bungy jumped! Also, activities were structured so that the not so keen could bail out at a stopping point. Ginny, Annapolis / Maryland , 58yrs, United States
4.54 (4384) Best family trip ever. The South Island of New Zealand is one of the most spectacular places on the planet and the Rimu trip takes you to all the highlights. Our group hit the jackpot with Koru and Ash. They were fabulous. This trip gets my highest recommendation all around. Hank, Annapolis / Maryland , 65yrs, United States
Loved NZ Kea Adventure 4.69 (246) New Zealand is a beautiful country, but the experience would not have been half as memorable if it were not for our AA guides. They were professional, could answer any question about NZ, incredibly competent in all ways and so much fun! But it would be unfair not to mention the preliminary support team leading up to the trip. All requests and needs were handled quickly and efficiently. And last, but not least, the itinerary was so well thought out. I enjoyed every minute of the trip and was sorry to see it end. Lori, Pacific Grove / California , 58yrs, United States
New Zealand and Kiwis are the Best! 4.69 (246) It would be difficult to overstate how impressed I was with our Active Adventure tour. Mel and Claire were absolutely incredible!! Steve was great too, but he was only with us for the hike up and back from the Aspiring Hut. Plus, he was weighed down by a rock he so generously carried up the hill for Mel. Anyway, Mel and Claire made Active Adventures (and New Zealand) look so good! They were EVERYTHING I could hope for: friendly, funny, knowledgeable, professional, hard-working, kind, easy-going, energetic, .... Thank you for one of the best 2-week periods of my entire life! Mike, Pacific Grove / California , 56yrs, United States
Great trip 4.69 (246) My experience with Active Adventures in NZ was so fun! The guides were really nice and perfect to play games with. Steve was also really nice and funny. I had such a fantastic time and I'm glad I got to go with Active Adventures. Marissa, Pacific Grove / California , 16yrs, United States
Fantastic Adventure! 4.56 (1458) This trip was wonderful on so many levels. It was a perfect experience for our family of three college "kids", my husband and me. We traveled with two other families- a total of eight kids and six adults, a good group size. There was lots to see and do and we appreciated the opportunity to be active! Seeing the wildlife and learning about the Galapagos Islands was fantastic!! Zambo, our naturalist was terrific and related well to children and the adults. One of the unexpected pleasures my husband and I experienced was hearing our children utilize their seven years of middle and high school Spanish as they communicated with locals. Also, needless to say, they were pleased that the drinking age on the Islands is 18. We all enjoyed having a beer at the end of each wonderful day. The December weather was lovely. Comfortably warm and the water was beautiful!! We took full advantage of any extra snorkeling and swimming opportunities. Our family had an extra day in Quito. We took the opportunity to hire a guide to take us around the city. What a great opportunity it was to learn about so many aspects of Ecuador's capital city. The Equator Museum was great and we enjoyed walking around the Plaza and seeing a couple of churches. Walking to the edge of the Pululhua crater was awesome! Lenin was a terrific guide! Katherine, Weston / Massachusetts , 63yrs, United States
The only way to experience the Galapagos 4.56 (1458) This trip was the perfect blend of nature, culture, and fun and it is the best trip for anyone with kids 13-21 years old. Miller, Weston / Massachusetts , 23yrs, United States
Land-based tours are the way to go! 4.56 (1458) We are so glad we chose to do an active, land-based trip rather than take a cruise ship. Staying in small hotels in the various towns on four islands and gaining an appreciation for the locals, the local food and customs was a tremendous addition to the natural beauty of the Galapagos. Knowing that we were contributing to the local economy rather than to a cruise line's bottom line felt good to us. Our guides (Lenin in Quito) and Zambo (on the Galapagos) were outstanding. Tom, Weston / Massachusetts , 62yrs, United States
Great Trip 4.56 (1458) The naturalists were so informative about not only the local plants and animals, but had rich historical knowledge that really added to the experience. Owen, Weston / Massachusetts , 25yrs, United States
Professionalism and Exceptionalism Beyond Expectations! 4.59 (1979) Our recent Tui trip of the South Island was absolutely the trip of a lifetime and more than I could have ever hoped for! As a very seasoned, frugal, independent, tour-averse traveller, signing up and spending the money for this trip was a bit out of character for me. However, that being said, this was probably the best travel investment I have ever made in my life! We packed so many amazing adventures into eight days, with the kindest most knowledgeable and most professional guides ever, that I seriously doubt I could have recreated it on my own. I cannot recommend Active Adventures and our guides Claire and Rachael highly enough and am already looking forward to and planning my next adventure this year with them! Chris, Seattle / Washington , 50yrs, United States
