No regrets! Accomplish the impossible! 4.54 (4384) I can't begin to describe my Rimu experience, from the amazing guides, Ken and Elder, to my fellow travelers and the detail that Active Adventures puts into everything we did. I was able to scale and climb those mountains and ridges that I laughed off as impossible, see the most amazing untouched scenery, completely decompress and completely check out from my daily life. If you want to see the south island the way it was meant to be seen, you're open to being active everyday with the conveniences for yourself taken care of, take this trip! Pam, San Francisco / California , 41yrs, United States
Khumbu Trip for Vaughts 4.78 (58) Our Khumbu trip was spectacular. The Himalayas are absolutely breathtaking and our guides were phenomenal. We had a few unforeseen hiccups, some significant, but the guides handled every single one of them with grace and 110% effort to make the best of our situation. They were kind, patient and knowledgeable The hike is amazing; massive vertical walls of lush mountains piercing the sky. You hike into the clouds only to discover that those huge mountains were just the foothills of the snow-caps behind them. Unforgettable and worth every tiring step! Dagmar, Lilburn / Georgia , 60yrs, United States
Terrific Tui 4.59 (1979) What a great route and selection of activities! Informative and fun guides, well-managed accommodations, and good eats! A wonderful tour and experience. Matthew, Honolulu / Hawaii , 36yrs, United States
Perfect amount of adventure 4.59 (1979) From gazing upon Franz Josef Glacier to biking along Hawea Lake Trail, to gliding on calm waters in Milford Sound, it's been a most memorable adventure! Our guides Tess and Amanda were a great duo! I loved that it was just enough activity without being sore while still being able to see so much of South Island. Grace, Honolulu / Hawaii , 35yrs, United States
Last 5 Days Kauri 4.4 (1256) So much packed into just a few days. From walking to tops of (several!) mountains to floating through underground tunnels, plus geothermal springs and Maori culture. A whirlwind central North Island adventure! Matthew, Honolulu / Hawaii , 36yrs, United States
5 day Kauri Trip 4.4 (1256) Tongariro Alpine Crossing was the best hike of my life! Grace, Honolulu / Hawaii , 35yrs, United States
EBC Nov 2016 4.74 (266) Quit my job, booked my flights and off I went. I had no expectations as I did not have much time to prepare and plan. Perhaps that's what made it an even better adventure. You will be challenged. You will need to dig deep. When things get tough at the higher altitudes, just put one foot in front of another and stay positive! Megan, Philadelphia / Pennsylvania , 40yrs, United States
Whoa! What an incredible trip! 4.56 (1149) There aren't any words that could properly prepare you for what is in store. Patagonia was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Cynthia was an amazing guide, she took such good care of us! She routinely went above and beyond to ensure we were safe, happy, healthy and well fed. What a gem she was! And on top of being great at her job, she's just an awesome person, fun, smart, flexible, just the kind of person you want touring you around the edge of the earth for 2 weeks. The trip itself was absolutely breathtaking. No photo could do that place justice. The W trail was an amazing hike full of ever changing views (and lots of wind!). Definitely, pay the extra to do the Grey Glacier hike! It was a trip highlight! Get ready to take your jacket on and off more in one day than you would over the course of a month back home :) Everything they say about the weather is true. You are at the mercy of the elements, but for the most part, we lucked out with weather (and when we didn't Cynthia always had a plan B). I'm so glad we did this! We will definitely be touring with Active again. Those folks do a stellar job of setting you up for an exciting adventure. Celeste, Seattle / Washington , 35yrs, United States
Jaguar, November 2016 4.5 (2035) This trip truly was an 'active adventure', and exceeded my expectations in so many ways. Peru is such a beautiful country, rich in history, and culture. All of our guides were superb, but Erick as our trip host absolutely made this trip worry free, a true learning experience, and SO much fun! If it's all in the details, Erick and Active covered them all and more! I arrived as a solo traveler and left having made friends and memories that I will treasure always. Thank you Active Adventures, until next time! Sandra, Prince George / British Columbia , 60yrs, Canada
What an adventure! 4.54 (4384) Great adventure with wonderful guides Alex and Tia! Stephanie, / South Carolina , 51yrs, United States
Spectacular Time! 4.56 (1149) We had a spectacular time in Patagonia! The venue was beautiful, challenging and exciting; Active did a great organizational job as well as Arturo our lead guide. Arturo is a multidimensional person that took great care of us at all times. Our group was very diverse, interesting spanning all age groups which got along great. Bottom line is that we had a fantastic time at a fantastic place with fantastic people. It was a very challenging trip that we are proud to have done. Alan, Butler / Pennsylvania , 74yrs, United States
"Make it happen and you absolutely will not be disappointed" 4.56 (1458) The Galapagos Islands turned out to be everything you hear about and more! My style of travel has never been geared towards tours or trips (EQ Type: Authentic Experiencer), however I signed up for the Tortuga trip last minute to join my parents and couldn't have been more pleased! Being a land-based tour vs. boat tour we were able to support the local economies on the various islands we visited while experiencing the authentic and incredible wildlife and landscapes the Galapagos has to offer. We got to enjoy a variety of local restaurants rather than eating the same buffet meal similar with other tours and stay in a range of different accommodations along the way. Our tour guide Pablo however, really made the trip and I am not sure if it would be quite as amazing without him. The passion, knowledge and love he has for the Galapagos Islands glimmered through every day we were with him and his smile shared with each new experience was priceless. The only disappointment of the trip was that it would have been good to know extra activities such as diving, are non-refundable if a illness or anything else comes up last minute as they often do and it may have affected our choice to opt out earlier. Saying this, I would very strongly recommend the Tortuga trip to everyone. If you every have the chance to visit the Galapagos Islands, make it happen and you absolutely will not be disappointed. Each day we were left amazed and utterly shocked at how much we were able to see and do with each activity. I have traveled to some pretty spectacular places around the world but this trip is a once in a lifetime experience. - Myla xo Myla, / British Columbia , 35yrs, Canada
Tui 4.59 (1979) We had a truly great time. Our guides, Koru and Liana were the best. They made the trip so much fun, especially in the light of the unpredictable New Zealand weather! And Lynette was always right there to help us along every step of the way. I brought home memories of a lifetime, and discovered that Kiwis are absolutely the friendliest people on earth. The Tui Trip was a great introductory tour, but now I want to come back again and spend more time hiking and exploring the South Island. Many thanks to the whole Active Adventures team. Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! - Mick Mick, Fort Walton Beach / Florida , 67yrs, United States
Outstanding Adventure with the Best Guide Ever! 4.56 (1458) The Tortuga trip was phenomenal. From the moment I arrived, my every need was met and all with grace and professionalism. The trip was well planned, we saw and did so many things, from adventures like hiking and biking, snorkeling and kayaking, to learning all about the Galapagos in a way a book will never tell you. What brought everything off the pages of a book, and from the land in front of us was the knowledge and the passion of our guide Pablo. What a treasure he is! He could answer anything, and it was all shared with enthusiasm, passion, caring, love for this land. I felt so honored to have had him as our guide. Thank you! The food was outstanding, the accommodations perfect. I could not fault a single thing! Laurie, Georgetown / Massachusetts , 63yrs, United States
Awesome Tui Trip! 4.59 (1979) My husband and I traveled to New Zealand for a late honeymoon and our adventure started with the Tui Trip which couldn't have been better! Between the amazing places we visited along the South Island from our unbelievable guides who quickly became friends, the trip definitely exceeded our expectations! We quickly learned how kiwis truly cherish and appreciate what their beautiful country has to offer and are so thankful to have had such a wonderful experience. New Zealand will always hold a special place in our hearts, along with our memories of hiking, biking, cheers-ing, and chatting with new friends. Thank you Koru and Liana, for making our trip so unforgettable! Lauren, Nashua / New Hampshire , 33yrs, United States
Exceeding expectations and more! 4.59 (1979) We had been planning this trip for about a year and I had been dreaming about this trip for about 7 years, therefore the expectations were high. Active Adventures did an excellent job and our guides Kuru and Liana made this a trip of a lifetime. The most amazing part is that they always were one step ahead of planning the next meal, hike, bike or even maneuvering around the NZ wild weather. All the planning ahead and adjusting on the fly would normally turn a trip to be very stressful but we were able to sit back and relax (not literally because it was very active) and truly enjoy the beautiful landscape and everything NZ had to offer. Truly the trip of a lifetime! Ryan, Nashua / New Hampshire , 35yrs, United States
Awesome New Zealand experience 4.54 (4384) Wow, what a great trip! New Zealand was at the top of my bucket list & this trip was everything I expected and more. Mt. Cook on a beautiful evening with no clouds and the lake in front was one of my favorites. Milford Sound kayaking was another. Just getting to Milford Sound is spectacular! I'd go back in a heartbeat if it weren't so far away. John, Reading / Massachusetts , 69yrs, United States
Great way to experience New Zealand 4.72 (378) Rebecca, Indianapolis / Indiana , 58yrs, United States
Nov 5 2016 Kiwi with Nick B and Jess 4.72 (378) Active Adventures allowed me to experience the breathtaking beauty of the South Island, New Zealand. I had so much fun. I had really high hopes for the trip of a lifetime before we left. My expectations were not only met but surpassed. Nick and Jess were great as was our small group of fellow travelers. The Active Adventures team were responsive to needs and made the trip care free. I would highly recommend the Kiwi trip and would do it again in a heartbeat. I would also look to do Active Adventures other trips when we go to travel again. At the conclusion of our trip, my wife and I asked ourselves what would we do differently if doing it again. Both of our answers was nothing different. Mitch, Indianapolis / Indiana , 59yrs, United States
Amazing adventure 4.56 (1458) I had an amazing time. From snorkeling, hiking an active volcano to kayaking and biking along the beach. Loved the locations we stayed at! Jennifer, Chicago / Illinois , 51yrs, United States
Worth every penny! 4.59 (1979) This was an amazing trip - highly recommended! Our guides, Koru and Liana, were great - kept us moving and active in all kinds of weather and conditions. Some of the planned tour had to be modified due to weather - it does rain a lot - but no regrets at all. We got a taste of New Zealand on beautiful days, rainy days, and once in rain, sleet and hurricane force winds, but we were always well cared for and felt like we'd seen New Zealand in all of it's majesty. The hiking was strenuous enough to feel like a challenge and leave us tired and a bit sore most days, but never too difficult. The Siberia Valley part of the trip was just spectacular! Koru's knowledge of New Zealand's native plants and animals, history, Maori heritage, and Lord of the Rings stories were particularly fascinating. Would love to go again! Bob, Easley / South Carolina , 54yrs, United States
Outstanding! 4.4 (1256) First, there is the magical place that is New Zealand -- unique, varied, and beautiful. Second, there is the operation that is Active Adventures -- organized, engaged, and attentive. Together, they make for an outstanding experience. Thank you! Nanette, Nashville / Tennessee , 60yrs, United States
Can't believe I did it 4.74 (266) Right when we touched down at Lukla airport, I began to get sick. I didn't think there would be any way that I could continue, but my guides were well-prepared with medicine and advice to help get me back on track, and they let me walk at my own pace. Mercifully, I rebounded and made it through some of the most stunning hiking that you can do anywhere on earth. Everyone in my group was positive and a joy to be around. Ehren, Atlanta / Georgia , 39yrs, United States
Great experience 4.5 (2035) We loved our experience! Linda, Milwaukee / Wisconsin , 72yrs, United States
Wonderful adventure 4.5 (2035) It exceeded expectations Vic, Milwaukee / Wisconsin , 73yrs, United States
4.5 (2035) We loved it! Erick our guide was super patient, knew the culture, knowledgeable, concerned with safety! We would do one with Erick again in a heartbeat! Linda, Milwaukee / Wisconsin , 72yrs, United States
Exhilarating experience 4.72 (378) I travel quite a bit and the Kiwi trip tops them all. Breath taking views of nature, submerging myself in glacier waters, and climbing sublime Mt. Cook leaves me speechless. Holly and Claire bring tears to my eyes, they so had my back and moved from genuine care and absolute fun-loving. Jeanette, Campbell / California , 66yrs, United States
What a trip! 4.72 (378) The most enjoyable trip i've taken since I started traveling about 7 years ago. My experience of N.Z. is a country of proud citizens that take time to talk and help out when needed. A safe and clean country, with great cafe's and pubs. Oh, did I mention the beauty? Nothing short of spectacular and awesome. Try it... you'll LOVE it... Vic, / New Mexico , 79yrs, United States
South Island Sampling 4.45 (824) Despite starting the trip with a little rattle and shake (earthquake) the trip was a wonderful experience. We saw so much of the South Island and were able to enjoy the beauty of a sunny day as well as a cloudy one. Greg and Clara were amazing guides and took great care of us. Beth, Atlanta / Georgia , 47yrs, United States
Rimu is Wonderful - A few tips if you plan to go... 4.54 (4384) My husband and I took the Rimu trip in early November 2016 and had a really terrific time. I encourage everyone who is seriously considering the Rimu to go ahead and sign up. That being said, with all of the fun we had, I do wish we had known a few things ahead of time. I include these tips for you, the soon-to-be Rimu traveler, to make your trip more enjoyable. However, I can promise that even if you do none of these things, you will still have a marvelous time: 1. Guys, if you opt to snorkel with the fur seals be sure to shave your mustache before you leave home. It seems obvious now, but it never occurred to my husband that the mask wouldn’t seal properly to his face with his mustache. Do yourself a favor and shave it off or spend the afternoon dealing with a leaky mask. 2. I also wish I had known just how intense and challenging the 3-day multi-hike through Nelson Lakes would be. If you’re an office worker and occasional hiker like me, then I encourage you to take this trip but do lots of practice/fitness training in advance. Load up your pack and get on the stair-master or start climbing really steep hills. The hike is gorgeous and worth it, but I can promise you it will be a lot more enjoyable if you’re in good shape for it. Also, there are no showers at the huts and only latrines (port-a-potties) for toilets, so bring baby wipes for exactly the same reason you would use them on a baby (wink wink). And also bring hiking poles! I know it says optional on the gear list, but I really found them to be essential. As for the water bottle – leave that at home and invest in a good water bladder system (a “Camelback” or similar). We found the water bottle to be a hassle to take in and out of the bag (forcing us to stop each time), which made us want to drink less water. The water bladders allow you to keep moving and you’ll find you’re more hydrated. 3. The sea kayaks (and, honestly, New Zealand in general) are not made for people over 6’ 2” in height (187 cm). Watch your head everywhere you go, and as for the kayaks, it may help to have the taller person sit in the front seat of the kayak instead of the back. 4. Also, pack enough clothes for a week and then expect to do laundry. Bring some travel-sized laundry soap packets to help save money and make sure you have enough 1$ and 2$ coins for laundry before you get to the hotel (the machines are generally pretty expensive: about $3 for the washer and between $3 - $5 for 30 minutes in the dryer). 5. Bring good cycling shorts – yes, the ones with the weird-feeling padding on the bum. It will help prevent the dreaded ‘grumpy grundle’. 6. And finally, a heads-up to my fellow outgoing introverts (yes, we exist): this trip contains long days of social interaction (think 7:15 a.m. – 9:30 p.m.), with few breaks for introspection/solitude. If you need some down time, skip dinner or unfurl all of the emergency blankets and build your own fort at the back of the bus and hang a sign that says, “Stay Out!” (just kidding about that last one). A great big thank you to our guides, Rachel and Jordan, who were informative and helpful beyond measure. How they managed to remain cheerful and engaging considering they had to do all of the exertion we clients had to do, plus all of their work on top of it, is beyond me. They are the embodiment of Kiwi hospitality! We are already thinking of coming back for a North Island tour sometime soon. Lauren, St Louis / Missouri , 41yrs, United States
Toughest hike yet but rewarding 4.56 (1149) The "W" was one of the toughest hikes we've undertaken because of straight line steep grades and rocky trails. But when we finished we felt like we had met the challenge and all our pre-trip workouts were worth it. Our guide, Cahit, was fantastic - knowledgeable, outgoing and optimistic. The adding of mountain biking and kayaking was a nice touch! Jim, North Mankato / Minnesota , 71yrs, United States
Magnificent views 4.56 (1149) This was clearly one of the more spectacular trips we've taken because of the mountains, glaciers and beautiful weather. But it was a tough one. The W segment was a bit crowded so be ready to share a lot of the trail with a lot of people, especially at the refugios. Colleen, North Mankato / Minnesota , 70yrs, United States
