Great trip! 4.5 (2035) We had a smart, funny, and skilled guide who showed us beautiful and amazing things. Peru was incredible, it was a great trip. Kevin, Tacoma / Washington , 43yrs, United States
Joy Project; New Zealand's North Island 4.4 (1256) The Tongariro Crossing was the highlight of my visit of the Northern Island. I felt as though we were trekking on another planet. Andrew and Claire shared their extensive knowledge of New Zealand’s culture, land, flora and fauna while offering great music on Dick, the bus and fabulous meals! I was asked about traveling to New Zealand alone. I explained I was not alone but traveling with twelve friends I had not met yet. This turned out to be factual. Lynn Marie Lynn, White Lake / Michigan , 65yrs, United States
Great guide 4.56 (1458) Jessica was wonderful and so was the intern Jessica. Loved the people on the trip. Nice size group - 13! Judy, Hilliard / Ohio , 61yrs, United States
Loved the trip 4.56 (1458) The trip to Galapagos was wonderful. I loved the tortoises, snorkeling, kayaking, volcanoes. Chris, Madison / Wisconsin , 70yrs, United States
Happy to have chosen this trip 4.56 (1458) There seemed to be so many choices of trips but Active Adventures attracted me with the fact it was land based Galapagos trip and included hiking, biking and kayaking. The trip exceeded expectations and I am very glad to have chosen Active Adventures. Food was great. Active Adventures staff was great. Activities were great, and to top it off everyone in our group was great. I am even more convinced now that a land based Galapagos trip was the way to go. Richard, Hilliard / Ohio , 68yrs, United States
Amazing Adventure! 4.63 (491) I just got home from the Winter Rimu trip throughout South Island of New Zealand. To say it was simply "amazing" does not accurately describe the trip. The views, adventures, service and guides were extraordinary. The trip was worth every penny. Even when snowstorms came or other inclement weather hit, there was always a backup plan that allowed us to keep experiencing the awesome culture, people, mountains, lakes and glaciers of New Zealand. I was very impressed with Active Adventures and can not wait to plan my next trip through Active Adventures! Elizabeth, Nashville / Tennessee , 32yrs, United States
Incredible family trip! 4.69 (246) We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and our guides did an excellent job being understanding of the food allergies of my daughter Makenzie, Grand Rapids / Minnesota , 19yrs, United States
Re-energised 4.5 (2035) This trip was certainly "active". The Lares trail was my highlight and pushed me to the limits. It was wonderful to share this trip with such an amazing group of people of all ages. The guides were superb. Anne, Kelvin Heights / , 66yrs, New Zealand
We did it! With style and fun! 4.5 (2035) This was a bucket list trip of a lifetime! Active Adventures went above and beyond to make us comfortable, safe and we had a bunch of fun from the Andes to the Amazon! Jenna, Portland / Oregon , 34yrs, United States
Lean Review 4.73 (164) What an incredible trip! The itinerary has the perfect balance of activities to keep the trekking exciting but not too exhausting, and provides flexibility in the case of unexpected changes that may come up. The food was one of the highlights of the trip; there is nothing quite like setting up a picnic on the side of a mountain full of cheeses, meats, and other delightful treats. But what truly made this an exceptional adventure were our guides Phil, Andy, Jean Marc, and Jean Marie. Their energy, enthusiasm, and flawless teamwork provided the signature of an ACTIVE Adventure, and continues to make these trips stand miles apart from any other travel company. Though we started as 10 individuals, we quickly became 1 family. Thank you for another unforgettable journey; we look forward to the next one! Georgina, San Juan Capistrano / California , 29yrs, United States
Above and beyond 4.63 (491) We couldn't have been any more pleased with our Winter Rimu trip! We loved every part of the trip and were amazed at how Active Adventures thought of everything! Not to mention our amazing trip guides who went above and beyond in every way to make the trip that much more memorable. Definitely a trip we'd recommend! Karen, / Texas , 34yrs, United States
Touring The Mount Blanc 4.73 (164) I have hiked in Switzerland many times in the past and each time have wanted to find more of a challenge. I'm not going to climb the Matternhorn or the Eiger, but to hike up in the mountains has been a long-time dream. The Tour de Mount Blanc trip was the answer. We climbed up high snow-covered passes (with the occasional gale force wind) and down into lovely valleys in France, Italy, and Switzerland. This was exactly the type of active adventure that I wanted. Tom, Durahm / North Carolina , 66yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime 4.63 (491) This trip has been in the planning for over two years to celebrate my grandson's graduation. We spent three weeks in New Zealand, the last two with Active Adventures. The entire process of working with Active Adventures has been an unbelievable positive experience. The most amazing were our two guides Gary for the entire two weeks and Mel the last week. Their experience and knowledge was really impressive and their cooking was fantastic. I injured my knee the second day but Gary found alternative short hikes I could do and experience the amazing country of New Zealand. Words are not sufficient to express the splendor of the snow covered southern Alps or the beauty of kayaking on Milford Sound. Thank you Gary and Mel for making a fantastic trip the trip of a lifetime! Kim, Melbourne / Florida , 82yrs, United States
Winter Rimu 4.63 (491) The trip was fantastic. Well thought out and organized but the real bonus was our guides. One of our party had some physical issues arise and The AA team was able to adapt in such a way that our companion was able to have great time even though he couldn't be all that active. Dan, Melbourne / Florida , 53yrs, United States
4.63 (491) The Winter Rimu Trip was an unbelievable experience. It was the perfect combination of exploration and relaxation. Not to mention the food was phenomenal! Josh, Melbourne / Florida , 22yrs, United States
Awesome Jaguar 4.5 (2035) This trip was flat-out amazing! Peru is incredibly beautiful and its climate diverse, and we saw so much and we did so much. Our traveling companions were terrific and we laughed a lot. Our guides were so capable and so knowledgeable that we felt immersed in the culture. We could really feel the magic of the Incas and the reverence for Pacha Mama which continues to this day. Jackie, Minneapolis / Minnesota , 68yrs, United States
Wonderful Trip 4.5 (2035) Terrific Trip!! Beautiful Country! Terrific Organization! Wonderful Guides! Great Food! I was very impressed with Cynthia and Puma and all the others that contributed to making this kind of trip possible. It is a sign of a well run organization when it values and hires such terrific people. They took very good care of us, were extremely well educated, and were very easy to get along with not to mention patient and fun. The Inca Trail views were absolutely breath taking but this really was a very well rounded trip. I enjoyed the cities of Cuzco and Puno, the trip to Porto Maldonado and the jungle with the extremely interesting hotel, and Lake Titicaca with our trips to a couple of the islands and stay with one of the families. Our tour of Lima was a great way to finish off our trip. One more thing-the food was absolutely the best. I have never eaten that well. Edward, Minneapolis / Minnesota , 68yrs, United States
Great Fun & adventure 4.59 (1979) It was a well-organized and run trip with a wide variety of activities that were challenging, but also fun. It was great to get to know a lot of what New Zealand has to offer outdoor-wise. Sometimes we felt in a little over our heads, but looking back that was the whole point of an adventure. The leaders, Ken. Laura, & Ellie were personable, friendly and approachable and getting to know the fellow travelers on the trip was a great part of the trip. We felt lucky that everyone did get a long well. Since we had been to New Zealand previously, it was great to see & do a lot of things we hadn't had a chance to before. Having AANZ as a guide allowed greater depth & insight into the character of the country and its ecology. Brilliant trip! Todd, Allison Park / Pennsylvania , 64yrs, United States
Jaguar trip Peru June 2016 4.5 (2035) This is a trip I had wanted to do for a couple of years now and I finally did it and it certainly didn't disappoint, this truly was a trip of a lifetime for me. Peru is an amazing country, the culture, the people, the colour, all of it was stunning. It was certainly challenging, even more so because of the high altitude, but that is what I want out of my travel experiences. Our guide Cynthia was the best guide we could have asked for, her wealth of knowledge on her country was so vast and interesting and she always made us feel like one big family. Thank you Cynthia and thank you Active Adventures for giving me the best memories. Christine, Lakelands / New South Wales , 50yrs, Australia
EBC April 2016 4.74 (266) Our guides DK and Gokul made this trip full of great experiences and memories. They had a great sense of humor and playing cards at the tea houses and DK's singing and playing the guitar or ukulele made time go fast. The weather was fantastic and the sights majestic. This was an epic trip and I hope to make another trip with this duo in the future. Dennis, Fond du Lac / Wisconsin , 72yrs, United States
Experience the Real Galapagos! 4.56 (1458) The trip was very well organized and managed from booking until the end of the tour! The itinerary was perfectly crafted in a balance of active and relax pace, gave us the best wildlife and Island experience! The land base tour definitely the best way to explore and appreciate the beauty of Galapagos and a better chance to interact with locals too. Food, accommodations and transport were well taking care of. Credit must go for the exceptional local naturalist guide Pablo who was so passionate to share everything you wish to know about Galapagos from geography, history, wildlife and some interesting stories you only get to know from the local..his presentation was simply fascinating! I would strongly recommend the Tortuga tour if you wish to have a different and memorable experience with Galapagos, better still get Pablo as your guide and you will understand everything! Thanks Active Adventures team, and Galakiwi. Eugene Eugene, Dubai / , 40yrs, United Arab Emirates
Everlasting Memories in NZ 4.59 (1979) From start to finish, our Tui Trip with Active Adventures was everything we hoped for and more. I have never experienced a more action packed, stunningly beautiful, adventure filled 8 days in my life! Thank you for the many memories made Active!! NZ will forever have my heart! Cori, Red Bluff / California , 32yrs, United States
The BEST:) 4.59 (1979) This was one of the best trips I have ever been on! Only downfall was it was only 8 days long...will definitely be going back to New Zealand:) Liz, Red Bluff / California , 32yrs, United States
Really? It was only the second time you ran it? 4.52 (111) As the name implies, Active Tours are just that Active and subject to all sorts of unknowns. What makes them so good is the Tour Leader's ability to adapt and improvise. We hiked much quicker than expected, so we were able to take a quick nap after lunch in the shadow of Inca Ruins. We climbed much slower than expected, so we got to the Salt mines as the sun set. I was really surprised when Jhayro said this was only the second time the it ran, it was so well done I had thought they had it all down pat. As always, great job! Dave, Kailua-Kona / Hawaii , 59yrs, United States
