Aventura Fantastica! 4.52 (111) This was our second Active Adventures trip and while we went to Peru mainly to see Machu Picchu, I feel it was only a fraction of the fun we had during our trip. For me, hiking at 14,000+ feet, climbing rocks via ferrata to go zip lining was an awesome experience despite being very prone to altitude illness (we got there a day early and I was fine by the second day) and having a hubby who is very afraid of heights. Machu Picchu was magnificent but I really enjoyed the less crowded Incan and pre-Incan sites we visited more because we had them nearly all to ourselves. Our tour leader Jhayro and another local guide Daniel (who we had for 3 days in Peru) also made our trip extra special being so friendly and fun to be with both while leading us on adventures as well as during meals and on the bus. The food we had in Peru was excellent and that is coming from someone who is usually viewed as a picky eater with a fussy stomach. My hubby, who is a much more adventurous eater than I, tried alpaca and guinea pig and both were surprisingly good (yes, I tried them too!). After a couple days, we were used to not drinking the tap water or flushing paper down toilets so neither were a big deal. In fact, when we were in Quito, it seemed strange to be able to do so! For the Galapagos portion of our trip, we were led by Jose since our scheduled guide Pablo couldn't be there due to a family emergency. Jose was very knowledgable about the local geology, flora, fauna and variety of other things and with several in our group being (former) teachers or scientists, we sure did ask a lot of questions. The unique wildlife of the islands was the primary reason I wanted to visit and I loved seeing Galapagos turtles again as I'd not seen them since I was a child back in the 60's (I remember riding on some in a zoo which I know now was so wrong!). It was my first time seeing marine iguanas and blue footed boobies in the wild and I also enjoyed seeing a variety of other creatures that are in other places but we don't see very often, even living in Hawaii which has very similar geology. Like Hawaii, each of the Galapagos Islands was different and it was interesting to see how they varied. The different forms of transportation we used to get from island to island were also adventures in themselves: 2 hour ride on a speed boat and an hourish ride on a teeny prop plane! The only thing that was not quite what we expected with this trip was that some of the activities listed on the Galapagos Island itinerary we did not get to do. Nevertheless, the trip was fantastic and being probably my one and only trip to South America, it will always be remembered. Shirley, Kailua-Kona / Hawaii , 59yrs, United States
More than I could have asked for! 4.52 (111) I have never traveled solo before, so I was very hesitant to take a trip like this. I'm so glad I did! Active took all of the stress out of planning the trip, so all I had to do was enjoy my time! The rolling green hills of the Sacred Valley, majestic mountains of the Andes, the wonder itself of Machu Pichu! And that was only in Peru! The Galapagos was better than I could have imagined. At one point I was swimming with sea turtles, sea lions, eagle rays, and yes, penguins! I was in absolute awww the entire time in Galapagos. This truly was an amazing trip and I would highly recommend it anyone! Markie, Lacey / Washington , 35yrs, United States
The Gear List gave me a fright! 4.54 (4384) I come from a tropical island in the Caribbean and when I received the gear list, I thought I had signed up for an Extreme Adventure. Summer is defined differently in the South Island in New Zealand, but this trip was the most spectacular experience of my life and the places we hiked and visited were breathtaking. Ivette, Condominio Prila / San Juan , 53yrs, Puerto Rico
Hiking the Tongariro Alpine Crossing on my birthday! 4.4 (1256) I hiked the Tongariro Alpine Crossing on my birthday and it was the most wonderful birthday of my life! Ivette, Condominio Prila / San Juan , 53yrs, Puerto Rico
Once in a lifetime adventure 4.54 (4384) This trip is filled with great people, beautiful walks & hikes and other adventures. It would be impossible to plan a trip like this on your own. The guides are fantastic and go out of their way to make the trip memorable for everyone. Go, go, go! Carol, Chicago / Illinois , 51yrs, United States
Awesome trip 4.56 (1149) This was an awesome trip, with the scenery more spectacular than expected. We were lucky of course, that the weather cooperated. Lois, Deep River / Ontario , 67yrs, Canada
Dream Come True 4.56 (1458) I'd always heard the Gal?pagos was a very special place, and now I can confirm that it is indeed an incredible and unique place. I've traveled quite a bit, but never had so many jaw dropping sights and experiences. The fish, birds, and animals are truly amazing! Our guide, Pepo was one of the best guides I have ever had. I loved the high activity level of this trip, allowing us to see and do the maximum each day. Kathryn, minneapolis / Minnesota , 63yrs, United States
Magic in Patagonia 4.56 (1149) I have seen the pictures, read the articles and looked at the maps. When I actually stood at the miradors (scenic vistas) and saw with my own eyes....well no words, no picture, no map can describe the utterly spectacular grandeur of this land. Stan, Byron / Minnesota , 74yrs, United States
Active Adventures 4.54 (4384) As the title says, you are active all day, dawn to dusk. Most days there is no time to even sit back and read a newspaper. Breakfast 7-7:30 am, on the road by 8:30am........some days more time spent on the bus travelling to certain destinations. Supper is somewhat late in the day but that can't be helped. I found no time for anything but bed after eating....early bird gets the worm!! Kudos (sp?) to the guides and their cooking skills. The food was great, healthy and never-ending....better than any of the restaurants we went to. The comraderie on the bus between everyone was great....I miss my "family"! I thoroughly enjoyed it. Susie, Procter / British Columbia , 71yrs, Canada
Fun, Flexible and Phenomenal 4.56 (1458) Our trip to the Galapagos with Pablo was outstanding. From the moment we met in San Cristobal to our departure from Santa Cruz, our trip was educational, entertaining and engaging. Pablo was a phenomenal guide with deep knowledge of the islands. His guidance and direction was crucial in the success of the trip. He was able to accommodate all participants regardless of age, fitness or interests. I whole-heartedly recommend the Tortuga trip with Pablo. Lisa, Jackson / Michigan , 67yrs, United States
Don't go !! It will stay in your head forever !! 4.56 (1149) Having been to Galapagos with Active we were excited to sign up to the Condor. This trip was stunning. As usual Active had a brilliant guide, seamless organisation, superb food and just thought of everything. Paddling with icebergs, amazing panoramas, hiking the glacier, exciting and challenging trekking and just great fun every day! This is a brilliant trip. John, Vincentia / New South Wales , 65yrs, Australia
The Best Experience of a Lifetime 4.56 (1149) What an adventure!!! We had the best two weeks. The trip was amazing. The itinerary was very well thought out. Cynthia (Yas) our guide was outstanding going out of her way to make the trip so special. The organisation was faultless, everything went like clockwork. I have travelled with Active Adventures before and I would highly recommend them again. The Condor Trip is challenging and probably there should be more information given regarding the difficulty of the trip. That was my only suggestion so that everyone can handle the hike as well as take the pressure off the guides if someone is not coping. Trish, Vincentia / New South Wales , 62yrs, Australia
Awesome! 4.56 (1149) Breath-taking views and heart-warming hospitality! Another indelible Active trip. When I lost in boredom and mundane, Active trips strike me how beautiful the world is and how happy I was when travelling with Active folks. Jian, Rockville / Maryland , 51yrs, United States
beautiful country, great company and fun adventure 4.59 (1979) Active Adventure pack as much as possible into 8 days which we greatly appreciated. Wonderful people to share the journey with and delicious food. We had an amazing time. Cecilia, Raleigh / North Carolina , 61yrs, United States
Amazing mountain views 4.56 (1149) Payagonia is the most beatiful area I have seen. Aided by almost perfect weather, we clearly saw the best and most rugged peaks. Challenging, but doable hikes, put us in the front row seats for amazing views. Cynthia, our guide, was terrific. Both extremely personable and a real pro with more experience than any other guide I have encountered. The 2 weeks were very well planned and everything went smoothly John, Fennville / Michigan , 62yrs, United States
Reflections, Rimu trip Southbound 4.54 (4384) What can I say, words can not express enough the fun that Richard and I have just had on the Rimu South Island trip. This was our first (and hopefully not our last) Active Adventures tour. From the moment we were met at the airport on day 1 all aspects of our Rimu trip were immense. Our guides Andy and Mel were great hosts with their knowledge and enthusiasm, their attention to detail in a relaxed enjoyable manner, their passionate and infectious approach to having a great time, provision of snacks, picnics and fantastic evening meals all at perfect spots and even Mel’s ability to make a cheesecake at 1650m at Angelus Hut during our 3 day hike was all fab. Added to that, no walk was ever too rushed. Mel was happy to chat away with me middle of the first week when I was at the back due to my legs still recovering from the decent of Muller Ridge on day 2. And with my fear of heights, Andy was brilliant in guiding me across the rocky parts of Roberts Ridge during our 3 day hike. Added to that, our small group of 8 from Scotland, USA and Australia all of similar ability added to the enjoyment. With plenty of fun along the way hiking, cycling, kayaking and snorkeling all with the sun shining made the places we visited very special and hopefully we will be back soon to experience more. Mandy, / Fife , 48yrs, United Kingdom
Active 4.54 (4384) I am a man of few words! The tour was fantastic, well organised, well balanced, ACTIVE, and the same time relaxing! As one Indian gentlemen said on our jet boating trip in Queenstown - "lovely". Thanks must go to our two guides - they kept us well fed with food and knowledge - with a smile and a joke. Our tour team was panoramically great - thanks to all for making it a trip not to forget. Let's not forget who organised the weather - it was perfect. Active is the best description. Richard, / Fife , 59yrs, United Kingdom
Awesome adventure! 4.56 (1458) Enjoyable trip with good mix of activities on a realistic time schedule. Our guide (Jessica) was excellent. She was friendly, very knowledgeable, and offered a good variety of options many days. We saw all that was advertised and more. Jessica was excellent at making sure all 11 of us were having a great time while being able to coordinate and accommodate for ages 25-80. I highly recommend this trip. Barbara, Downer Grove / Illinois , 66yrs, United States
Wonderful 2 weeks! 4.45 (824) Well organized by Active Adventures, and couldn't have asked for better companions to travel with. A slow start with lots of traveling time but not disappointing with the scenery outside the window, Dave's skillful driving and his endless storytelling. I learned a lot from Maori language and history to what Manuka honey is all about, to why the the Kiwi can't fly, and to how the Tui bird got his white balls on his chin. If you are hard core hikers and just want to 'bag' peaks, then maybe you should look at other treks. The Manuka offers options that everybody can hike. Some of the peaks require quite a bit of cardio and are strenuous, but you don't need to 'summit' them, or do so at your own pace. The views were fabulous at every vantage point. I took their Milford Track option which was also very well organized and enjoyable. The climate in the Southern Alps is known for its unpredictability, we were lucky that we had great weather for most of our 14 days there. A shout out to Tess, our other guide. Our trip wouldn't have worked without Tess! Tess fed us well and she certainly knows her ice creams! Khanitha, Fairfield / Connecticut , 70yrs, United States
Perfect Trip 4.56 (1458) Our guide, Jessica, gave us a fantastic experience in every way. She was delightful, informative and fun. We decided that the land based "island hopping" trip was a great choice. The hotels were in great locations and the activities were well organized using good equipment (bikes, scuba gear,kayaks etc.). A perfect trip. Fendi, Harwood / Maryland , 68yrs, United States
Galapagos Adventure by Land 4.56 (1458) The Galapagos had been in my sights for a while, and this trip certainly did not disappoint. I loved the land-based itinerary Active Adventures offered, and am so glad we opted for this instead of a cruise. I loved the small, often beachfront lodgings and the opportunity to poke around the islands in the mornings and evenings outside planned activity times, and also the fact that it afforded me the opportunity to dive, since that was a highlight for me. The activities themselves were extraordinarily well organized. There was always something to do and look forward to but we never felt rushed or overwhelmed. Jessica, our Galapague?a guide, was lovely, energetic and extremely knowledgeable and informative - I couldn't have asked for a better person to show us the islands. Overall, a truly spectacular trip for anyone who wants to really experience the islands rather than just see them from a boat. Tessa, Brooklyn / New York , 34yrs, United States
Review of trip of a life time (EBC) 4.74 (266) Having never trekked at a height before it was with anticipation that we met with other members of our team in Kathmandu. Seven in all were to attempt the trek (five would succeed). Nick and I had trained but not at heights. The reassuring aspect of the trek was that the Leader, DK was informative and considered everyone's needs. The trip was largely successful due to the planning and understanding of DK. The plan was to reach Everest Base Camp, not to see who could get there first! I cannot thank DK and 'the boys' enough for the effort they put in to ensure we made it. Trip of a lifetime. Dave, Gymea / New South Wales , 58yrs, Australia
The Gents, that took us made the trip 4.74 (266) Thank you heaps Nick, Clovelly / New South Wales , 44yrs, Australia
Outstanding experience in Galapagos 4.56 (1458) My Tortuga trip was absolutely amazing. I always hesitate to give 5 stars, but this trip came very close. I was very lucky to have got a small group of 10 and a fantastic guide, Jorge, who taught me so much about the islands. As well, the private room, excellent food and outstanding fauna and flora, took the experience beyond my expectations. You will NOT be disappointed! Melanie, Toronto / Ontario , 48yrs, Canada
