Good service, good custromer support and good offer. Easy to use. Great service. I am happy with easemytrip
I have written several mails to Goibibo for the flight refund from Mumbai to Jammu on 3 April 2020 canceled due to covid19. Goair has initiated the refund through Goibibo. But Goibibo is unresponsive. There is no way you can talk to anyone as a pre-recorded message sends you a link to their website which is useless. This raises a lot of doubts about the company
During lokdown I got best services from here. Thank you for so much help. This the best services I ever got
Very good service. Have been using the application since long and have easily booked travel tickets at a lesser cost
Satisfied with the services......
The refund process from ease my trip in the times of pandemic was great and helpful as well. The assistance provided by the customer care personnel was awesome. Total amount was refunded to my original payment mode. Thank you so much EMT
Booking flight tickets and overall experience with easemytrip was good. Cancellation and booking was vey ease
Nice service for every one ....
Happy with services........
We have booked ticket in a lockdown period n aftr cancelation we have received full amount of our ticket which we booked in easemytrip .. we glad that we received full amount .
Good services.... Refund policy is very good... Excellent....
EaseMyTrip is very nice emerging booking portal with best fares. The only thing to improve is customer service support.
I travelled for himachal from this company last year and i had a very pathetic experience, this company only promises u false commitments.
I had my first international trip post covid with Antilog Vacations. Our Dear representative Nishita Bhardwaj was amazing in her knowledge, responsiveness, and negotiations. We had a ball of a time in the Maldives. All thanks to her, she arranged for a freebie at the resorts and good room decorations which made our day. Truly recommended. Go for Antilog Vacations and thumbs up to Nishita:)
Nice app for regular traveller also save money. Thanks for the app.
Very prompt service satisfies all quries in covid 19 problem.refund my moevy immediate...............
EaseMyTrip is the best app I have experienced so far in my travel booking journey. The customer service is the one which will leave you bewildered. They are prompt and very empathetic to their customers. I got refund of two bookings of my cancelled flight during the pandemic which I believe very few out there in the market did. The user interface is simple and at the same time all encompassing. Thanks EaseMyTrip. Would love to stay as your loyal customer for eons. A must recommendation.
Goibibo is fake , they never full fill ther duties . During the pandemic they made fool to many and actually have taken the money of people in pocket . They even not having
Very good service. I got my full refund during luck down. Good customer support alsoVery good service. I got my full refund during luck down. Good customer support also
Great app and easy to use for flight bookings with cheaper flights. and customer support staff is also very supportive as they refund the amount in just 10 days after cancellation.
Prompt support by the Refund team Ms. Bhavana and Mr. Rahul, highly satisfied, thank you and keep it up!
Nice website always give cheap price flight and always responsive for our problems nice experience with easemytrip.
Hi, We have just completed our Andaman Tour. It was Fantastic Experience. Sight seeing, Food, Stay, all these things were excellent. Going in cruise and take sunset cruise dinner was superb. Our tour manager Girish with his assistants Pranay and Rohit were very helpful . They cared every one . We would like our next tripwith Travbond.
