Amazing! 4.56 (1458) The Galapagos Islands are a truly magical place! The closeness with nature is like nothing I have ever experienced, and it was amazing. Every day on the Tortuga trip was enjoyable, informative, and awe-inspiring. I met great people and had a wonderful guide (Pepo) who really brought everything to life with his incredible knowledge and superb story-telling abilities. It was an incredible experience! Ali, Milwaukee / Wisconsin , 36yrs, United States
Beyond Expectations 4.4 (1256) I've heard too many people say skip the North Island. I am so happy I ignored that advice. This was a fabulous trip--outstanding itinerary, eye popping scenery, great people, excellent food, and spectacular guides. I loved the North Island forests. They are definitely unique. The Footprints tour with the local Maori guides was a highlight of this trip. I've been on a lot of guided trips and Andy and Clara were two of the best guides ever. Very knowledgeable about all aspects of New Zealand, attentive to every detail, fun, and great cooks. I would travel with them again and look forward to my next Active Adventures trip. Teresa, Indianapolis / Indiana , 50yrs, United States
Definitely Trip of a Lifetime 4.54 (4384) The Rimu Trip was absolutely amazing. The itinerary included a great variety of activities amidst some of the most beautiful scenery in the world. Never a dull moment on this trip. Kayaking Milford Sound was a highlight and lodging at Braemar Station was tops. I can't say enough good things about Active Adventures and the Rimu trip--great locations, scenery, people, food, and some of the best guides ever. This is an award winning trip for good reason. Teresa, Indianapolis / Indiana , 50yrs, United States
Amazing Annapurna 4.62 (279) There are no words to describe the unforgettable experience I had whilst in Nepal. Everything went perfect, and the team Dan, Arjun, Badrit and Borat were always there to make the trip flow with the highest quality possible. While walking it was perfect, each individual was always there to also make it fun, exciting and unforgettable. I have to specially thank Dan for introducing me to the local culture and make me fall in love with Nepal. I can't wait to come back and see more! Marjorie, Miami / Florida , 44yrs, United States
Sandy, Denver, Colorado 4.4 (1256) A moonlight walk among the Kauri Trees with songs and prayers sung by a lovey Maori couple was the perfect introduction to the Kauri Trip and Maori culture. How could it get better than this?? Just wait....Andy and Clara made every day exceptional with their knowledge of NZ, love of their country, attention to details, surprises!!!, good humor and zest for adventure travel. I didn't want the trip to end!!! Sandy, Denver / Colorado , 63yrs, United States
Sandy, Denver Colorado 4.54 (4384) Steep glacial clifts, big mountains, pristine vistas, wild west, wild weather, awesome beaches!!! The Rimu trip delivers a fantastic excursion in the South Island including must sees like Queenstown and Milford Sound and less traveled like the Kepler Track and Braemer Station. The itinerary is spectacular and Amanda and Kim were excellent guides and hosts to this wonderful country. I couldn't have asked for more and didn't want to leave!!! Sandy, Denver / Colorado , 63yrs, United States
Bucket List Satisfaction 4.54 (4384) Great guides, particularly Rachael, our very personable guide and encyclopedia of everything flora, fauna, sheep, and food. Never a want for a bite and a room with a view with this crew. Couldn't have had a better introduction to the south island and the myriad of trails sampled left me wanting to come back and knock off the Great Walks. Hope to see Active on another tour in the near future...I'm hooked. Don, Bellevue / Washington , 55yrs, United States
4.74 (266) Absolutely amazing part of the world. If you like trekking this trip is for you. Easy enough but yet challenging too. Safe, experienced guides and excellent food! Beth, Lake Placid / New York , 57yrs, United States
Everest Base Camp, Oct 2015 4.74 (266) Scenery was beautiful, trail conditions great, weather great in early October. The tea houses were an indoor camping experience with no heat or plugs in the rooms but beds were comfortable and food was excellent. Dingboche was my favorite town for sure. Monks playing volleyball in their long red robes was unreal. Yaks are cute and scary at the same time. Baby yaks are just super cute! The Khumbu glacier is really, really big! Don't use outhouses unless absolutely necessary! Bushes and rocks are better than the outhouses. Peggy, Lake Placid / New York , 62yrs, United States
A good cross section on Peru 4.5 (2035) From the moment our group met in Cusco until the end in Lima 2 weeks later I enjoyed every moment of the trip. Cynthia the tour leader as well as the local tour guide were all very good and really nice people to get to know. Rudi, Ashfield / New South Wales , 70yrs, Australia
Adventure with Inca history 4.5 (2035) This is my second visit in Peru, I was so happy to be back and see Machu Picchu in all the Inca glory and to be able to walk to the Sun Gate (my previous visit to Machu Picchu it rained and it was foggy, I only had a glimpse of 15 minutes). The other highlight that I loved on this trip was our trek on the Lares Valley and the encounter with the local people and children, beautiful landscape and the achievement of reaching the pass when I thought I couldn't take another step. .....At the top it was so beautiful and breathtaking. The bike rides gave us the possibility to enjoy the surroundings at our leisure. Walking up to the terraces of Pisaq and rediscover Ollantaytambo in the sacred valley i was able to see and enjoy the Inca history. Everything was so well organised and the food provided was yummy. Gilda, Ashfield / New South Wales , 60yrs, Australia
Once in a lifetime experience! 4.56 (1458) We could not have been happier with this trip as it turned out to be everything we had hoped it would be and then some! From the incredible places we went, things we saw, and animals we encountered to our amazing Naturalist guide Jessica this trip delivered on its promises and then some. The itinerary turned out to be the perfect mix of active, restful and just plain fun with interesting lodging and incredible food at every turn. We would recommend Active Adventures and, more specifically, the Tortuga trip to anyone looking to take part in the kind of tour that you couldn't possibly put together and execute on your own. Katherine, Port Orange / Florida , 37yrs, United States
Active and Comforting 4.59 (1979) I'm so glad I chose Active Adventures for my tour of New Zealand, and that I went with the 'Tui' tour. All of the selected hiking/biking trails were beautiful, allowed for breathtaking views of the surrounding landscape, and provided opportunities for hikers of all levels to challenge themselves (or take it easy, if needed). The food was always very filling and delicious, not to mention prepared with care and consideration. I was very pleased with all of our lodging, each accommodation offering a unique experience and highlighting the natural wonders of its location. Ruby and Kaleb (our guides) were there to support us through the entire trip, answering every question anyone asked about their home country, and supplying interesting facts along the way. They made a point to get to know everyone on the tour, and did everything within their power to make sure each of us was inspired by our adventure on every day of our trip. And I WAS inspired - every day! If you are considering this tour - just do it. You won't have any regrets. Brittany, Akron / Ohio , 34yrs, United States
Wow!!!! 4.54 (4384) This adventure was action packed from the get go. Food was amazing! Hikes, bike, and kayak excursions were beautiful and the people we traveled with were the best. Guides were over the top amazing. They worked their tails off for us. Heidi, Modesto / California , 61yrs, United States
Wow, just wow! 4.4 (1256) What an absolutely breathtaking country! We saw everything from bubbling mud pools and geysers to a hail storm on top of Tongariro Crossing. We had a blast on this trip and we created new friendships that will last a lifetime! Cheers! Kristina, Galloway / Ohio , 34yrs, United States
Just Amazing! 4.56 (1149) I could not have asked for a better trip! Being from a big city, I wanted an active escape into nature. The Active Condor trip provided all that and more. Our guide Sabastian was always going out of his way to ensure everybody was having a good time and that everything was seamless. This was a perfect trip for a single traveler. By the end of our two weeks we felt as part of a family and now I have friends from all over the world. A big thanks to everybody at Active for truly making this a trip of a lifetime! Brandon, Chicago / Illinois , 38yrs, United States
Rimu in March 4.54 (4384) The 2014 Rimu trip was one of the best organized trips I have been on. It took us to most of the South Island main sights, which naturally involved a bit of driving. The scenery was spectacular and the activities well balanced. There were options for more physically demanding hikes, or less so, depending on your inclincation. I think the fitter you were, the more you enjoyed the trip as the scenic rewards were better the higher you got. The March 2014 weather was really good, which was a bonus. The guides were fantastic. Erik, Deep River / Ontario , 71yrs, Canada
Nice Surprises 4.54 (4384) Our tour guides (Katie & Laura) really went above & beyond to make our experience seamless & special. A particularly wonderful highlight for me was when they arranged & surprised us with a trip to the Wrinkly Ram Cafe so we could feed lambs! Wendy, Denver / Colorado , 59yrs, United States
Condor Trip 4.56 (1149) Overall this was a spectacular trip. Cynthia was a fantastic guide. She took care of all the details to accommodate everyone and was a joy to talk to. Very good variety of restaurants and food and atmosphere to enjoy. The hikes were easy in places and challenging in other places but the views were well worth the effort. My most memorable part of the trip was hiking on Grey Glacier. It was fantastic and eye opening. Drinking the cold clear glacier water was really great. Another standout guide was David on the Argentina treks. Will remember this trip for a long time. Dennis Dennis, Fond du Lac / Wisconsin , 72yrs, United States
4.74 (266) I had originally booked my trip for May and of course due to the earthquake it had to be cancelled. I will start here because the way it was handled was exceptional. I was convinced to rebook for oct and I feel quite lucky I did. Active did a most exceptional job w all their team down to every detail and the fact that Nepal was less crowded made for a good trip. By the Nepalese were so grateful we were there and I was glad active convinced me to go. I would not have liked the trip had the trails been more crowded. So for me it was perfect timing. My only comment would be that the 2 days at end of the trip in Kathmandu were too much. Wld of rather had the last inn on trail as the extra day. Thank u active team for a wonderful and lifetime journey. Penny, Westlake / California , 71yrs, United States
New Zealand Adventure 4.45 (824) This was one of the best trips we have ever taken. The trip was well organized and we were able to customize for our needs. Dave and Tess were amazing guides. They were patient, organized, caring and knowledgable. Everything went as planned and we were able to enjoy the hiking and amazing scenery without having to worry about trip details. The food and lodgings were outstanding. Jeff, Porltand / Oregon , 75yrs, United States
Awesome experience 4.5 (2035) It was a life changing experience... I highly recommend this trip to everyone. Trudy, Marysvale / Newfoundland and Labrador , 52yrs, Canada
Bucket list fulfilled 4.45 (824) This trip was amazing in every way. Amanda and Clara were not only organized and efficient but shared a wealth of knowledge about their beautiful country and kept our energy high even on rainy days. We could not imagine better guides. We saw diverse environments on the Manuka trip with the Milford option and the hiking was glorious. We also enjoyed the stops at towns throughout the island. I kept thinking about all of the behind the scenes people at Active that we didn't meet that make the trip work. In 14 days everything went like clockwork. Every hotel and dining reservation was perfect. Difficult food allergies were accommodated without a second thought. Overall I can't think of anything that would have made this trip better. Beautiful place and beautiful people!! Beth, Little Rock / Arkansas , 52yrs, United States
Magnificent Tour du Mont Blanc 4.73 (164) This was a wonderful trip with magnificent scenery, knowledgeable and very friendly guides, restful lodging, superb food, and terrific weather. My spouse and I enjoyed our fellow travelers, and our eyes were delighted by the scenery, our palates pleased by the food (including the trail side lunches), and we were impressed by the organization. We could work hard on the trail (or water or bikes) and relax about lodging and meal details as we learned about the culture and history of the region. Two Hiking Poles Up! David, Shelburne / Vermont , 66yrs, United States
Patagonia 2018 4.56 (1149) Had a great trip with Active Adventures, could not have asked for more. The itinerary, guides, housing, food, transfers, etc were top rate. We had a diverse and fun mix of people to travel with. A very memorable experience. Chris, / Colorado , 57yrs, United States
You Had Me At Sea Turtles 4.56 (1458) The Galapagos was everything I expected and then some! Zambo was a perfect guide and our group was terrific. We had talked about a land based trip vs. a sea based, and although I love the idea of staying on the water, I get sea sick in a bath tub. I liked being on land so we could explore the towns we were in and appreciate the Galapagos culture. Lori, Beaumont / Texas , 64yrs, United States
Hike of Rifugio Crespi - Day 2 4.59 (36) The hike of Rifugio Crespi was my favorite! I loved the sound of the bells as we passed the herd of cows, the beautiful chalets in the hamlet and the delicious lunch with local cheeses and beers and the great capuchino!! Ivette, Condominio Prila / San Juan , 53yrs, Puerto Rico
Beautiful Archipelago 4.56 (1458) A great experience and multiple adventures. Carrol, Gretna / Nebraska , 64yrs, United States
North Island 4.4 (1256) We had a wonderful time with the other people on the tour and especially out two guides, Josh and Ineka. This was the first "take care of everything" type of vacation we've ever been on and it was fantastic! Our guides were flexible, accommodating and sympathetic to all of our needs and desires. I really cannot say enough about this well run company and the two guides that were responsible for us. EXCELLENT Mark, La Ca?ada / California , 66yrs, United States
Heaven on Earth 4.54 (4384) After exploring the North Island for 3 weeks by myself I have to say I was skeptical that anything I do moving forward could compare with my experiences. Was I ever proven wrong after my 14 day RIMU guided tour of South Island with Active Adventure. It was obvious from the start that every minute was planned in advance so the day to day flow was essentially flawless. My group, which I loved and ended up feeling like family, got to see and explore the most beautiful and exotic places, away from most other travelers. There’s no way one could possibly duplicate the same experience on their own. The accommodations (to my surprise) were almost plush, with gourmet healthy hand prepared food for all three meals. Our means of travel between adventures was “FRED”, our luxurious mini bus. What really was the reason this all went so well was because of our 2 guides- Clare and Brogan. Both are natives and it was obvious they were passionate about their love for NZ and sharing their knowledge with their guests. Each brought something special and unique to offer. Brogan was the chef and Clare drove Fred, but both were very knowledgeable about NZs history, it’s culture, topography, plant and animal species, even detailed discussions about plate tectonics! Also they are in amazing shape to take on any physical challenges that came our way and believe me there were many. Bottom line, they were the perfect spokespeople for helping us outsiders to understand the essence of what it is to be a Kiwi. When I come back with friends for another tour I’m going to request that Brogan and Clare be our guides Mike, Carlsbad / California , 63yrs, United States
Beautiful! 4.56 (1149) Active Adventures did a tremendous job coordinating this trip - lots of moving parts and logistics! I really enjoyed the scenery, the company, our fabulous trip leader; the accommodations were just as described and we ate some great food. Perhaps the weather could have been a little better, but that's Patagonia for you! Nothing could be done to guarantee all great weather all the time. I will definitely book another trip with Active. Carolyn, Cameron Park / California , 63yrs, United States
Matai 2019 4.35 (17) I have long wanted to visit the Fiordland/Southland area. My AA trip gave me a great overview of it. A great mix of food, wine, fun, and fitness. Thanks. Don, Point Arkwright / Queensland , 63yrs, Australia
