Memories for a lifetime! 4.54 (4384) I didn't want it to end!!! New Zealand is an amazing country, and the best way to experience the most you can in two weeks is to take the Rimu trip with Active Adventures! Kristina, Galloway / Ohio , 34yrs, United States
Eleven days on Kauri 4.4 (1256) The eleven day Kauri trip takes you through most of the sights of Northern and Central North island. Having already done the South Island, I appreciated the different activites and sights of the North Island. The Tongariro crossing is a highlight, so be sure you are physically fit to do it. I much enjoyed the snorkelling and sight of the Poor Knights Island. Despite being a bit ho-hum about the sand-boarding before trying it, it turned out to be a blast. The Maori cultural experiences were also great. Erik, Deep River / Ontario , 71yrs, Canada
Annapurna Sanctuary Trek 4.62 (279) This was an adventure in a simply marvellous part of the world. Like so many things in life, the people who led the trip played a huge part in its success. The terrain is magnificent, the trek tough enough to make it an enjoyable challenge. We had prepared ourselves, as we live at approx. 500 feet, so getting fit was important. We did this by climbing stairs for four months before the trip began, starting gently and by the time we left we were doing about two miles of stairs at a time, a day. The tea houses were disappointing only in that we had expected more. They are gritty. However, that isn't a problem, I don't think, if one understands that in advance. We were impressed by the food, and the wide range of choices given our location. Susan, Toronto / Ontario , 70yrs, Canada
The best vacation ever!!! 4.72 (378) Weve had many great active vacations in the past but our two week Kiwi trip trip was simply "beyond beyond". We were so fortunate to inherit a fantastic collection of travel companions as well as two of the best Active guides you hope for. Put that together with the natural beauty of New Zealand and you have the best vacation ever. Tim, Prescott / Arizona , 69yrs, United States
Winter Rimu 2015 4.63 (491) This trip couldn't have been better. It was the best trip I have ever had. The scenery was beyond spectacular and I achieved things I couldn't imagine I could do. Our guides Mel and Nick were exceptional. Sarah, Sunnyvale / California , 45yrs, United States
Patagonia is amazing 4.56 (1149) Trekking, kayaking, amazing views it was a great trip! Jim, Wheat Ridge / Colorado , 69yrs, United States
An Adventure of a Lifetime 4.54 (4384) I finished my two week Rimu (southbound) journey in late January. We had an amazing trip. I traveled solo but instantly developed friendships with everyone in my tour group. You will not go hungry on this adventure. Joe was a fantastic chef. Vanessa, our Kiwi guide and driver, was amazing - always prepared, full of knowledge, fun, great with recommendations. Everyday was fantastic. Braemar Station was one of my favorite stops. The scenery was phenomenal. Queenstown will fill any adventurer's itinerary. I opted to zipline in Queenstown and heli-bike (Fat Tyre Adventures) - memories I will not soon forget. Lodging accommodations were good. While good weather cannot be guaranteed, my tour group experienced only one day of meaningful rain (Milford Sound). Whether you are looking for an ACTIVE challenge or a change of pace adventure, this is the trip for you. The guides will mold the trip to your skill level, but the trip is quite active - my Fitbit is proof. Amazing, breath-taking, serene, vast, fun, wild, epic, once-in-a-lifetime are a few adjectives to describe my experience. Did I mention the friendships that are possible? If you are thinking about this trip, do it! Michael, Kerrville / Texas , 35yrs, United States
Loved Mel!! 4.59 (1979) I really enjoyed hanging out with Mel during our overnight trip in Siberia Valley, she took excellent care of us and even remembered that I don't eat refined carbs...she was super attentive and kind. Hope to see her in another adventure. Leanne, / California , 42yrs, United States
Most awesome active adventure 4.73 (69) This trip was perfect, just the right amount of physical exertion, combined with comfortable lodgings and incredible food. Not to mention the mind-boggling scenery, incredible energy of the mountains, and the patience of the guide phillipo, who made it possible for first ever via ferrata climb!! Oh and I loved the bike ride too! Every thing was perfect. Annie, Concord / California , 58yrs, United States
Patagonia is amazing! 4.56 (1149) The hiking on the W-Track and in Los Glaciares National Park was just as beautiful as I had always dreamed about. Our trip leaders, Arturo and Chem, were knowledgeable and fun to talk to and the food and accommodations were great. Lori, Wausau / Wisconsin , 60yrs, United States
Active 4.59 (1979) The trip was the best trip ever! The guides were wonderful and the sites were breathtaking. We were on the South Island, which is amazing! We were able to take a small plane into the Siberian Valley, which was an adventure in itself. Our group was small (8), which was really great. We all got along really well. Terri, Roseburg / Oregon , 66yrs, United States
North of the South 4.4 (1256) This was my first trip to the North Island, though I've been to the South Island once with Active Adventures and once on my own. I thought that this was a great trip, and hit all of the highlights that I expected. We certainly kept moving (Active) through a range of diverse activities, so I wouldn't recommend this trip if your idea of a vacation is to sit on the beach. The trip leaders were outstanding, notably Annika's permanent optimistic and enthusiastic attitude, and Josh's can do spirit. Don't miss the optional SCUBA diving on "A Perfect Day". Surprising an octopus 18 meters down was a highlight of the trip. Steve, Burlington / Vermont , 67yrs, United States
South Island Kiwi, I believe 4.72 (378) Wonderful, wonderful. Mark, La Ca?ada / California , 66yrs, United States
Great trip, wonderful guides 4.59 (1979) The trip was wonderful. Really organized and the guides were absolutely the best. Cecelia, New York / New York , 50yrs, United States
Winter Rimu May 2019 4.63 (491) I have nothing but wonderful things to say. This is exactly what we were hoping for. New Zealand is spectacular with wonderful sights and sounds at every turn, friendly people and outstanding pies. The trip was very well planned with outstanding accommodations in wonderful settings, great back up plans for weather related considerations and worry and hassle free days of just enjoying this corner of paradise. The guides were all super friendly, outgoing, helpful and extremely considerate! Barry, Solon / Ohio , 50yrs, United States
Tortuga Trip = Jacques Cousteau Dream Come True! 4.56 (1458) I had very high expectations going into this trip, both of Active Adventures (this is our third trip with AA) and also of the Galapagos Islands. I can honestly say that my expectations of both were exceeded! The tour was excellent due primarily to our expert guide and history/nature scholar, Pablo, whose unflagging enthusiasm for the Galapagos was contagious. He not only did all of the usual tour coordination of housing/transportation/food with great skill, he also brought his own deep love, knowledge, and respect for these islands to every place we went. He told us even after 21 years living in the islands, he still found new things to surpise him. It was an absolute joy to travel with him. His positive spirit, easy smile, and depth of knowledge about all the flora and fauna and marine life meant we couldn't help but learn and develop a profound appreciation for the natural wonder that is the Galapagos Islands. Evie, Avondale / Arizona , 62yrs, United States
New standard 4.74 (266) What an incredible trip. With every step and turn a new photo framed itself ready to shoot. The scenery is spectacular through the lens, but nothing as spectacular as being there soaking in the grandeur of it all. Gary, Portales / New Mexico , 57yrs, United States
Wonderful New Zealand 4.72 (378) Fantastic trip for fit people of all ages. We were a group of 8 senior adults and the guides made the trip enjoyable for everyone, no matter what their level of fitness. I would highly recommend the Kiwi trip for anyone who doesn't want to just see New Zealand from the bus window. Bev, Williamston / Michigan , 78yrs, United States
Fantastic Trip 4.4 (1256) First time to NZ, from the booking people on the phone to the guides to the guests, everyone was amazing. We all became fast friends and had a great time and great adventures. Can't recommend it highly enough. Hiking, biking, snorkeling, volcanoes, boating, Maori culture and more. James, Edmonton / Alberta , 54yrs, Canada
Wonderful trip to Patagonia, nice group and excellent guides 4.56 (1149) I had a great time hiking and traveling with the group of 15 people, we got along fine and had a really good time. The hiking was good and the views of the mountains were just unbelievable, it was awesome. The glaciers were very impressive and beautiful too.. We encountered very high winds, 50 -60 mph and it actually blew a few people over, luckily not over the edge! All was memorable! Jamie, Tahoe City / California , 71yrs, United States
Dolomites, Sept 2026 4.73 (69) My husband and I both thought the trip was fabulous. We appreciated having only the 2&1/2 hr bus ride from the Venice Airport and arriving at out first hotel. The only change we would suggest is to have the day on Sunday a little shorter. For the first full day, 11 miles was a bit long. We would return the same way we went. We really liked the WW I tunnel experience on Monday. We very much enjoyed the three day hike. We liked the bike ride and we both considered the last day the icing on the cake. Both Richard and Mike were fabulous guides. They both understand managing expectations quite well. The food and lodgings were both quite good. I highly recommend this trip and like I told Phil, I'd be glad to get together a group of people to hear more about it. Emily, Nashville / Tennessee , 71yrs, United States
Ebner on Rimu 4.54 (4384) The Rimu trip was just everything we had hoped for, and Kim and Tory were outstanding guides. The places we hiked, biked and Kayaked were terrific choices and by the end we felt that we understood some of the diversity in the South Island ecology: plants and animals that were native and those that were introduced. Hard to say what was best, but one of my favorites was walking the Kepler Track. Thanks for a great introduction to New Zealand's South Island. Ford, Nashville / Tennessee , 86yrs, United States
Rimu March 2017 4.54 (4384) It was an amazing trip that covered most of the South Island. Dani and Liana did a fabulous job making sure each of us got the most out of our trip. They are full of life and energy. it was a joy to have them as our guides. Rick, Pottstown / Pennsylvania , 70yrs, United States
Awesome Scenery, Wonderful people! 4.73 (164) The Tour du Mont Blanc with Fabien and Nicole was the trip of a lifetime. This was my first time in France...and the Alps. I was expecting spectacular, and I got it and much more. Not only was the scenery beautiful, the food was to die for (yes, I gained weight). The hikes were well planned and filled our days just right. After the hikes we were not too fatigued to check out the cute places we were staying. Fabien and Nicole are great!! They really added to the magic of this trip. Caroline, Sebastopol / California , 55yrs, United States
Mt. Blanc Trip 4.73 (164) We had a great time and loved our guides and the views. Renee, Oakland / California , 60yrs, United States
Truly a Trip to Remember 4.56 (1458) This was one of the best adventures of my life. I have climbed Kilimanjaro and many other mountains, traveled to Antarctica, been on a number of African safaris, including a gorilla safari, seen belugas and polar bears in Manitoba, and have had adventures on all 7 continents, that is saying a lot. Every hour was exciting. John, Waverly / Ohio , 62yrs, United States
Mt Everest Base Camp 4.74 (266) Breathtaking at every corner! Awesome guides and Sherpas! Simply amazing! Starr, Lakeside / California , 41yrs, United States
KIWI TRIP 2014 4.72 (378) GREAT TRIP AND THE SCENERY WAS SO MUCH BETTER THAN I IMAGINED IT COULD BE. GUIDES WERE GREAT AND THE PEOPLE WARM AND FRIENDLY. John, Williamston / Michigan , 83yrs, United States
Spectacular Time! 4.59 (1979) This trip is everything promised - and more! When I look back on all that we did in just a few short days, I am amazed. If you really want to get away from it all and experience the magic that is New Zealand, grab a good friend and sign up for this trip. Mary Ann, Tyler / Texas , 49yrs, United States
EBC October 2014 4.74 (266) This trip was amazing. Although the destination (EBC) was the reason we signed up, it was the journey that made it such an epic experience! The scenery as we trekked in the Himalayas was spectacular and the small villages along the way gave us a unique way of connecting with the wonderful Nepalese people. Our tour guides were awesome and our fellow traveling companions were so much fun combining to truly make this a trip of a lifetime. Judy, Nanaimo / British Columbia , 59yrs, Canada
The Best of Peru 4.67 (153) Capybara was the perfect way to get to know Peru-- a taste of everything! Jay, Stamford / Connecticut , 51yrs, United States
Better Than Expected 4.59 (1979) Don't get the idea from the title of this review that we had low expectations for our first trip to New Zealand. We all had looked forward to this trip for a long time, and we expected it to be great. And it was...and then some! New Zealand is beautiful, and the Tui itinerary gave us the opportunity to explore a good variety of its offerings. Our guides, Ben and Cristina, were tremendous -- prepared, knowledgeable, and lots of fun (and both are great cooks!!) They were able to accommodate everyone on the trip, from the young and speedy hikers to those of us that have a few more miles on our legs -- even those of us that may have taken a wrong turn on a hike!! All in all, a wonderful trip that met and exceeded our expectations! Bob, Bridgewater / New Jersey , 65yrs, United States
