Condor trip review 4.56 (1149) Fantastic trip on so many different levels. The rugged natural beauty of Patagonia is very special and this extensive trip provided a great lens and appropriate way to experience this part of the world. Chris, / Illinois , 52yrs, United States
Amazing Adventure 4.54 (4384) I had an amazing time on the RIMU trip; it was the trip of a lifetime... the itinerary was remarkable and the guides were exceptional. I would recommend this highly! Jorge, Miami / Florida , 61yrs, United States
Rimu Feb 2016 4.54 (4384) Hats off to Active for a fantastic adventure! Thoroughly enjoyable. Each activity was well planned and tailored to the desires and abilities of the group. Amanda and Kim kept us well informed and laughing all the way. Robert, Milford / New Hampshire , 67yrs, United States
Perfect first trip to breathtaking Southern Alps 4.63 (491) As upper-middle-aged travelers, we approached this trip with high expectations but slight trepidation due to the intense terrain. Our guide smoothed all the rough edges, enabling us to simply enjoy ourselves throughout the trip. His good humor and competence were unflagging. He was also a fantastic cook! The trip spanned an amazing diversity of natural settings and welcoming towns. The New Zealand system of maintained backcountry huts provided very comfortable and convenient shelters and facilities. We are already discussing when we can come back! Art, Raleigh / North Carolina , 61yrs, United States
An excellent "bucket list" trip 4.72 (378) I'm typically a "planner" and will devote months to logistics before a trip. And where I work, I need to know about long holidays way in advance to ensure coverage and continuity of service while I'm away. When my husband and I were considering an international holiday to celebrate a relatively "big year" for both of us, a colleague suggested New Zealand. I am so glad I listened. I mentioned New Zealand to my husband and he took a look around at possible tours...he found Active Adventures and thought we should investigate. A full year before our trip, we inquired with Active about how it all works in terms of planning, and when we were told that an online planning app would assist us, I thought, "OK, sure...I'll be doing a bunch of this." We put down the deposit, got the insurance, and dove in. I must say, my assumption?...So wrong. The OBI website really did get us prepped for the majority of the trip in terms of logistics, helped us share health issues/concerns, and have an idea of what we were about to do. The only logistic detail we really needed to handle was travel to and from LAX. EVERYTHING ELSE, Active could either help plan, or completely handled. So aside from getting in the deposit, getting travel insurance, getting the flights set up with the recommended agency in Seattle, working in OBI, paying the balance, and packing, we were set UP for this trip. In my experience - this is all pretty minor work in the greater scheme of a 2-week trip around a country. :) We had a small group (two couples) on our tour, and 2 fantastic tour guides (Holly and Amanda). We saw things that we would never have even known to find if we had followed a travel book. We wondered, and wandered, oohed and aaahed, took pictures, and just floated along as Holly and Amanda coolly transported us, prepped awesome meals, and all that. If a trek got tough, we'd pause and admire the view. Our guides were encouraging, enthusiastic, and really the absolute heart of the tour. The scenery is awesome - don't get me wrong. But the Active people...just made the whole trip sing. Parting was really (reeeeeally) hard for me after 2 weeks. So truly, we were on vacation. No glitches in the itinerary (we only had 2 on the whole that I could perceive) were actually a problem - we'd adjust and keep moving, and never regretted a single activity. We learned about tectonic plates, glacial advance and retreat, Mauri myth, greenstone, conservation efforts, Kiwi lifestyles...oh, and some flightless birds too. :) All while taking in scenery that just baffled us. And we apparently put in the perfect call for weather, because Holly and Amanda not only commented that we were really lucky to see what we saw...they also pulled out their own cameras to take photos from time to time. THAT'S how lucky we were on this trip. What did we see? It's probably easier to say what we didn't see. Complications. Traffic. Smog. Bad food. Frowns. Worry lines. But seriously - we saw tree ferns next to tropical evergreen trees so tall we couldn't take photos of them, whether in the north at Abel Taz, the more coastal West side of the Alps, or the more deciduous forests near Fiordland. We saw fruit farms that shouldn't exist in the same geographic area (eg, cherries, apples, corn, soy, and other crops all growing in the same season and region), and particularly not with the prior flora surrounding them. Foxglove...everywhere. Lavender farms. Vineyards. We saw waterfalls like lightning bolts down the mountains, snow-capped mountains surrounded by glaciers, fjords in the fog/rain and the sun (within 2 hours of each other), grassy plains abutting turquoise glacial lakes, milk-like rivers coursing down from glacial sources, iconic sheep farms with mountainous backdrops so perfect they looked "Photoshopped"...it's actually like we stepped in to an animation studio and walked around on a CG set. Holly and Amanda would ask us what we thought of the view, often. Since, "Wow," "Holy wow!" and related comments didn't seem to fit (too small and insufficient), I started with "ridiculously beautiful"...then proceeded to add words in between, like "absurdly," "surreal-ly,"...and quickly just ran out. By the end of it all I adopted the Kiwi way and went sardonic, answering the guides with "Bah!!" and a hand waive because I just had nothing else to describe the awe. I only adjusted the volume of the "Bah!" and the magnitude of the waive to fit how absolutely floored I was. What did I take? More than I can describe, personally. New Zealand affected me. In a great and irreversible way....and I got some great Merino wool stuff too (yay, yarn!!!). :) As the tour wound down, I was told to share this take on my trip with "only the worthy". To me, if you are seriously considering Active, you already appreciate what this type of tourism brings to your life, or seriously and earnestly want to learn, and that makes me suspect that indeed you are. Worthy. Bring your poles, bring your gear...but most importantly, bring your sense of wonder, your humility, and your appreciation for culture, mythology, and conservation. You will not regret it. And you won't be better cared for, possibly even by your own. Danyel, Morgantown / West Virginia , 45yrs, United States
Weka Trip 4.5 (349) Our first time to New Zealand and can't say enough about the beauty of this country. From the thousands of sheep to the crystal blue lakes and rivers - what beauty!! The trip was so well organized and our guides Nick & Elder were the best! They looked after our every need always in a courteous and friendly manner. They prepared several meals for us showcasing New Zealand and everyone was a feast - tasty, healthy and eye appealing. Two very talented fellows. The biking and hiking was challenging with varied terrain so we got plenty of exercise and everyone was ready for bed shortly after dinner! A great trip all around! Gail, Salmon Arm / British Columbia , 74yrs, Canada
Worth all of the Sweat and Laughs 4.54 (4384) I was on the Rimu trip through much of the South Island with tour guides Kim and Ash. I was only able to make 8 days of the trip because I had a prior commitment to meet a family member in the North Island. So my review will only be able to cover my 8 days, although I believe the trip was for a total of 14 days. The trip was excellent on many levels. The tour leaders were outstanding. They drove us in a cool bus, made most of our 3 meals a day and provided snacks in the bus. They lead us on the hikes and activities and seemed to make all arrangements(along with the cool Active Adventures office team support)for our journeys. Our guides were both in their mid 20's and I have to say the most positive and mature people I have ever met. They kept us on schedule and showed us a good variety of terrain in the South Island. New Zealand is really amazing. At times it reminded me of Alaska and also northern California perhaps Hawaii as well. The vegetation is beautiful, lush and the scenery incredible. We were in their Fall October months and so we did have some wet weather, but nothing that stopped us from enjoying the trip. I attended this journey as a single person and that was not a problem because there were 3 other women on the trip and we just were able to share hotel rooms which was great. I chose the Hiking Option through Nelson Lakes and that was an amazing and challenging journey. The real reward for me was making it up the very steep parts, over rocks and lots of tree roots. In the beginning of the trip I was not sure I was in good enough physical shape. I am a tennis player and skier and like to hike and walk a lot but after a few days hiking I found out that I could handle it . That was a big relief because I really wanted to enjoy the trip to the best of my ability. I also have to say that I lucked out because our group was really outstanding. They came from all over the USA and Canada and they were a fun and upbeat team. We were also close in age and that was also interesting in terms of our professional lives and personal cross roads.This turned out to be the perfect experience for me. It kicked me up a notch in terms of physical demands of day after day exercise and reminded me of being in camp as a child, but showed me a beautiful country that I will hopefully some day return to see more of. Adrienne, Laguna Beach / California , 63yrs, United States
Amazing Views, Great Guides and Yummy Food 4.73 (164) Amazing trip, loved the hikes with all the great views, our guides Fabian and Andy were amazing and made the hikes educational and fun. The food was great too! Karen, Long Beach / California , 40yrs, United States
Spectacular Patagonian Adventure 4.56 (1149) The 2 week hiking trip to Patagonia was really fantastic! The scenery was jaw-droppingly gorgeous on every activity - including hiking through the W-Trek in Torres del Paine, kayaking and ice hiking on Grey Lake and Grey Glacier, hiking to the base of Cerro Torre and Fitzroy range. Our guide, Cynthia, was very organized, enthusiastic, thoughtful, patient, and fun. Everything was planned well and executed superbly. The restaurants Cynthia took us to were all excellent, and the packed lunches for the hikes were tasty and plentiful. All the local guides during our adventure were knowledgeable and wonderful. Even the weather was outstanding for most of our 2-week adventure. It was a trip of a lifetime and a privilege to experience such a beautiful part of the world. Christine, Basking Ridge / New Jersey , 53yrs, United States
Condors 4.56 (1149) This trip reflected its name, seeing these magnificent birds soaring above is amazing. Time stood still as we watched them fly above. Norma, Los Ranchos / New Mexico , 67yrs, United States
Trip With Surprises Every Day 4.56 (1458) The Active Adventures trip to the Galapagos Islands was incredible. Our guide, Pablo was fantastic and shared with us all the treasures of the Galapagos Islands. The islands are pristine with wildlife in abundance. I enjoyed the snorkelling with sea lions, sea turtles, eagle rays, reef sharks, beautiful fish, penguins and dolphins. Our bike ride and kayaking were lots of fun. Probably my highlight was the hike to the volcano on Isabela Island. We hiked through the mist and came through to brilliant sunshine and a gigantic crater and lava fields. The accommodation was fabulous as was the food. The fish at the restaurants on the Galapagos was delicious. Overall a wonderful trip. Ann, Maryland / New South Wales , 65yrs, Australia
A well-designed and executed adventure 4.54 (4384) As someone who has planned plenty of trips and activities, I was really impressed with the level of thought that went into this experience. It was well-paced each day with a mix of athletic activities and scenic drives to the next destination. The guides made a jam-packed itinerary feel energizing rather than rushed--all the while catering to a variety of physical abilities and food preferences. It would have been impossible to replicate this experience on my own. I'm so glad we booked! Kelly, / Washington , 43yrs, United States
Teresa's Review 4.59 (1979) I can’t say enough GREAT things about Ellie and Elder! They truly made our trip seamless and unforgettable. They took the best care of us, always looking out for my dietary needs, offering helpful tips, and helping with any large or tiny thing I might need. They have amazing positive attitudes & a sense of adventure which helped our group immensely. We really enjoyed all the activities as well as the insights into New Zealand nature and culture. Brogan joined us for our overnight hut and Lake Crucible adventure. She was really insightful with our questions on Maori traditions and current day status and we appreciated her hiking pace and chocolate. Not sure how Elder and Ellie produced the magical meals they did - so tasty! Teresa, Denver / Colorado , 40yrs, United States
New Zealand Jan 2014 4.72 (378) I really liked the kayaking and most of the hikes were great! The time in the buses was a little longer than expected because the roads do not allow for high speed travel. Kurt, Williamston / Michigan , 75yrs, United States
Awesome Jeffery family adventure 4.59 (1979) We couldn't have asked for a better way for our family to spend the Easter holidays together. Certainly never a dull moment! Fantastic guides and lucky to have a great group to travel with. Such a beautiful environment to keep everyone interested in all the activities, 15yrs old to 50yrs old! Sue, Brisbane / Queensland , 52yrs, Australia
A Trip Beyond Words! 4.74 (266) My Everest Base Camp Trek with Active Adventures went way beyond what I expected, it was life-changing. Not only is Nepal a magical place, the scenery indescribable, and its culture one to fall in love with, but our guide, DK, was knowledgeable and well-connected to the Nepali people and the customs and traditions of this vibrant country; we, as trekkers, were treated with the utmost care and kindness. We learned some of the Nepali language, ate incredible foods, sipped on yak butter tea and other fine teas, and endured some of the most giving AND unforgiving landscapes in the world. In addition, we enjoyed native music and dance, toured Monasteries and experienced a Puja ceremony, and observed firsthand, the everyday life, crafts, and skills of these peaceful people. We recognized immediately, the value in traveling this country with an experienced guide/outfitter for many reasons, partly feeling as if we had VIP treatment. We would definitely travel with Active Adventures again. And though it was heartbreaking to leave Nepal; I hope to make my way back again some day. Risa, Golden / Colorado , 45yrs, United States
