Everything you want and more! 4.59 (1979) I loved the challenge of this Tui trip, it definitely took me out of my comfort zone in all the right ways! At the beginning of the week, I was only able to make it half way across Douglas Bridge. By the end of the week, I couldn't wait to cross Rainbow Reach! Every day brought a new challenge and every night brought a new beautiful accommodation that allowed for a restful night. I met some amazing people who I will definitely keep in touch with. Dave, Elder and Vanessa were fantastic! They were incredibly encouraging and whipped up some mean meals, too. I loved learning a little about New Zealand's history while driving from one adventure to the next. It's impossible to put the breath-taking scenery into words, others will have to see for themselves! Abi, Schererville / Indiana , 35yrs, United States
What a great experience 4.5 (2035) Active was so organized. Every day was planned and worked smoothly. We were always on the move. The information we received from our our guide as well as his friendship was excellent. Harry, Brentwood / California , 68yrs, United States
Spectacular Experience 4.56 (1458) Despite being the youngest trip member by almost 25 years, I had an amazing time. From start to finish, the trip was well organized and executed. You can tell that the money we paid for the trip went to excellent use. The hotels were fabulous and the food was top notch. Our guide, Pablo, was beyond passionate about the Galapagos and really made the trip. His knowledge and love for the islands is inspiring. (Every time he saw litter, he made it a point to pick it up and keep the islands clean.) I loved how there were extra guides for hikes and snorkeling excursions in case a trip member wanted to go back early. There was a perfect amount of down town in relation to the active adventures we took daily. This trip was a spectacular experience that I would recommend to any person of any age. Amanda, / New Jersey , 33yrs, United States
Rimu - Feb 2016 4.54 (4384) The Rimu trip was designed exactly as I always wanted to experience such a beautiful country....hiking, biking and kyaking. Our guides showed us the best segments of some of the most beautiful hiking trails which would probably take months to navigate. Loved the knowledge of historical stories shared on our long travel days. The meals were delicious and healthy. Our group was super fun and by the first day we were already friends. The physical demands for this trip were high and I found myself out of my comfort zone on the 3 days trek. It wasn't the long hiking days, the 3,000 ft. elevation gain, the mud and water crossings, or sleeping in the huts. It was the up and over two huge rockpiles carrying a very heavy backpack where every step forward was uncertain, loose , sliding rocks. There was no looking around because you can't stand up straight and you can't take your eyes off your next step. This was not a "fun" part of the trip for me. But...I made it! Deborah, Boulder City / Nevada , 67yrs, United States
Sept 2016 Tour de Mont Blanc 4.73 (164) Hi everyone! I'll pretty much repeat what I e-mailed the day after I came home. I know we can easily overdue the superlatives but this Tour de Mont Blanc was truly my very best vacation ever. We were such an enjoyable and compatible group—couples and singles, everyone was interesting and we had a lot of laughs. I totally lucked out with my lovely and lively roommate. Nick and his pal Rowi were exemplary warmhearted companions. Our Chamonix guides Jean-Marc and Celine and Jean-Marie were encouraging, informative, prepared, and very charming. Weather held till the last day but cycling on rocky trails in the mist was scary great fun nevertheless. Hiking the Alps… words fail… hope pictures and other commentary are coming so you’ll see what I’m talking about… just spectacularly beautiful and I enjoyed every single step of every kilometer. Oh, and the kayaking and swimming on Lake Annecy couldn't have been on a more perfect warm beautiful summer day! A great big huge thank you to you, Nick, and all of you at Active, and to our Chamonix guides, for planning the hiking, with appropriate distances and stops, excellent and varied meals and hotels, relaxing evenings, and so much more than I ever could have anticipated. Everything for a perfect and active 12 days! I hear you might be scheduling six Tours de Mont Blanc next year. You must, you’ve got a winner in this one. Most sincerely and happily, Leslie Leslie, Portland / Oregon , 70yrs, United States
Tramp of Dreams! 4.45 (824) Stunning views, experienced guides, Kiwi-fresh food, and great lodging! It felt like we were holidaying with old friends! Carlos, Bangkok / , 49yrs, Thailand
Naturalist Dream 4.56 (1458) The Galapogos Islands were all I had imagined. The animals were so accessible but also in their natural state. Our guide, Pablo was a wealth of knowledge and his passion for the natural environment was very infectious. The trip left me yearning for more time to linger. Robyn, Kettering / Tasmania , 67yrs, Australia
Terrific Trip! 4.72 (378) This was an absolutely terrific trip. I just can't say enough good things about it. Claire and Lauren were great guides and made a great trip even better. I highly recommend this trip for anyone who wants to cover a lot of ground but in a somewhat more relaxed fashion Donna, Francitas / Texas , 65yrs, United States
Amazing Vacation 4.72 (378) Wish I could put this adventure back on my bucket list. What a beautiful country. Being a novice hiker, at the end of the day the tiredness was taken over by the exhilaration of the hikes. Thanks to our guides, Holly and Pepper for the encouragement and support. I highly recommend the Kiwi Tour. Randye, FLAT ROCK / North Carolina , 70yrs, United States
Excellent trip 4.45 (824) I enjoyed everything about this trip. I especially thought that Ruby and Kaleb were excellent guides. They were both very knowledgeable, enthusiastic and helpful. They made the trip! Lynne, Northville / Michigan , 65yrs, United States
Active's first Himalaya trek 4.62 (279) This is my third trip with Active. The Machapuchare trek was the most awesome that I have been on. It was very special being Active's first Himalaya trip, and having Phil as our guide. I am now looking forward to my next Active Adventure. Jerry, Mequon / Wisconsin , 80yrs, United States
Our guides were awesome 4.54 (4384) Every night I went to bed thinking it wasn't possible to be any more stunned by the scenery and diversity of New Zealand and everyday, I saw more. Words can't do justice to how special this place is. Not just the scenery but some of the warmest people I have ever met. Joy, Columbus / Ohio , 56yrs, United States
Tui trip with Lauren and Amanda Feb 2014 4.59 (1979) Wonderful leaders who we had complete faith in. They went out of their way to help us. We liked the varied accommodation and the activities suited us. The walks were appropriate for the party. The size of the party was right though not sure about booking one single and 8 couples. Loved the biking the jet boat the plane ride and kayaking. Maybe giving us an hour before the evening meal to relax and socialise would be good. Overall v well organised. Sue, Heapey Chorley / Lancashire , 67yrs, United Kingdom
Worth every penny! 4.74 (266) This was my third trip with Active. Every time I am reminded of what makes Active so great. My friend and I had not been at the hotel (arriving before the trip began) an hour before Dan greeted us. He was a friendly face in a hectic city. He was warm, welcoming, and answered any and ALL questions we had (down to where to grab food and drinks). Every guide (Dan, Arjun, Bibek) worked hard to make this a seamless adventure. Their expertise, and good company, is second to none. I was taken aback by the beauty of Nepal's landscape and its people. Thank you for all you do! Jess, San Diego / California , 38yrs, United States
January 2015 Condor Trip 4.56 (1149) I thoroughly enjoyed my Patagonia Condor trip. From the hiking, kayaking, and wildlife to the beautiful scenery, I couldn't have asked for more. After the trip, I tried to identify my favorite part of the trip, but couldn't seem to keep it to one thing. The W-hike was great and I enjoyed staying in the refugios (which was something I had never done). The kayaking was also a highlight. It was also stress free, as Sebastian took care of organizing everything - including packed lunches for our hikes. I highly recommend this trip. Jacquie, Denver / Colorado , 52yrs, United States
Absolutely Awesome 4.59 (1979) This trip was fantastic. Dave, Elder and Vanessa were great and always there to answer questions or give us a hand if needed. Each day was as spectacular as the last. The Tui trip was everything I could've asked for and more. Drew, Schererville / Indiana , 34yrs, United States
Amazing Time in Patagonia! 4.56 (1149) Beautiful weather, great lodging, and wonderful guide and group! Our leader, Cynthia really made this a trip of a lifetime! Evan, Fort McMurray / Alberta , 36yrs, Canada
Rejuvenating for the Body, Mind and Spirit 4.54 (4384) The Rimu trip exceeded my expectations. The combination of activities -- hiking, snorkeling, sea kayaking, and bicycling -- was perfect for us. We don't consider ourselves to be strong hikers, but we stay pretty active. The Rimu itinerary kept us challenged in a good way. We particularly liked the structure of the itinerary, home-cooked meals, homey-type accommodations, etc. We plan to travel with Active Adventures in the future. Pam, Houston / Texas , 63yrs, United States
4.5 (2035) The adventure begins to become just a wonderful memory. Over all the trip was amazing and the organisation with its (almost) all inclusive arrangements was impressive. There were so many high spots, it is hard to give a single highlight. The stay on Amantani island was very special, the views in the Andes were spectacular, the hotels were comfortable and the food everywhere was plentiful and delicious. One of the best things about this trip was meeting such a lovely group of fellow travellers. We had such fun together. Erick our guide was very efficient and hard working. He must have found it challenging to shepherd such a lively group around but he managed to make it great fun as well as keeping us safe and free of worry. All in all I am so happy that I took this trip and will recommend Active Adventures to anyone considering such an adventure. Maggie, Bristol / North Somerset , 67yrs, United Kingdom
Great Trip. 4.54 (4384) The best way to experience the South Island. Leith, Aurora / Illinois , 62yrs, United States
Do It.... Don't Wait 4.78 (58) In total, the Khumbu trip was outstanding. We expected the trek to be physically challenging and several times, those expectations were achieved. Our guides were great, comfortable, never stressed and took care of all the coordination’s, all the details required, from the simple to the more complex. We were totally immersed, enjoyed so many extraordinary moments, were impressed often and in awe of the spectacular views. We were thankful for the ease and harmony that our guides, Mel and Gokul, instilled in us. Thank you two for watching over the flock and for being so tremendously skilled at your jobs. We totally enjoyed the experience, the environment and will hold these memories forever and perhaps even return for another trip in Nepal in the near future. It was great. Jim, Sparta / New Jersey , 68yrs, United States
Volcano Binge 4.23 (286) Ecuador should be more on the visitors bucket list. Spectacular scenery which ranges from the upper Amazon to glacier capped active volcanoes. Our guide Jhayro was excellent and able to tailor the trips to the group. Robyn, Kettering / Tasmania , 67yrs, Australia
Fantastic Trip 4.56 (1149) Trip was very well organized and totally enjoyable. Excellent guides Bill, North Battleford / Saskatchewan , 70yrs, Canada
Exceeded Expectations 4.72 (378) This is a trip that can be enjoyed by all since the hikes can be modified on different levels. Beautiful scenery every day! Meryl, Georgetown / Texas , 69yrs, United States
A New Appreciation for Animals and Nature 4.56 (1458) This trip opened my eyes to all of the incredible wildlife and nature that exists on the Galapagos Islands, but also carried over to when I returned home. I started to notice and appreciate all the little things around me more often, so I am truly grateful for what this trip has given me in my life. Sydney, Evergreen / Colorado , 24yrs, United States
One of the Most Beautiful Trips Ever! 4.39 (46) This trip explores one of the most beautiful regions of the world. Each day we were surrounded by snow capped mountains, lakes or fiords. I really enjoyed the variety of landscapes and the and the varied activities we used to explore them. And as always our guides were excellent. Alan, Lower Truro, / Nova Scotia , 76yrs, Canada
The Only Way to Visit Southern Iceland 4.77 (13) Another incredible adventure with ACTIVE! The amazing thing about this organization is the consistency of quality; each trip is perfectly tailored to optimize your time spent in a new location to ensure you experience the real highlights! The itinerary is packed with activities throughout the day to make the most of your time in the beautiful southern coast of Iceland. Additionally, ACTIVE employs local guides with an incredible knowledge and passion for their country and take you away from the typical tourist spots to see the truly hidden gems that most other visitors miss. And as always, the restaurants we visited were phenomenal and accommodations incredibly comfortable and modern. The ACTIVE Lundi trip is a very relaxing and enjoyable way to visit this exquisite region and capture the unique history and geology of the region. Georgina, San Juan Capistrano / California , 29yrs, United States
Unexpected Sights 4.56 (1458) I had no idea the wildlife was so amazing. It was like being in a David Attenbourough documentary. Our guide Pablo was constantly pointing out different birds. Arriving on the islands and seeing all the sea lions and iguanas, walking down a path to see a giant turtle and coming around a bend to see pink flamingos was breathtaking. South America is also a surprising place and a country I will return to. Kristen, Warners Bay / New South Wales , 64yrs, Australia
Our Trip of a Lifetime!! 4.59 (1979) My partner and I went on this trip to celebrate her retirement. We so looked forward to going off the beaten track and being active on our vacation and with Active Adventures help we did that and more. Expert, kind, supportive and fun guides, incredibly beautiful country, well planned hikes, biking and kayaking all added up to eight days we will never forget. Worth every penny and more!!! Sandy, Oakland / California , 71yrs, United States
Awesome trip!! 4.59 (1979) Our Tui trip took us through jaw-dropping scenery, on all kinds of hikes from easy to challenging, on a fun bike ride along a river and lake, and a sea kayaking excursion in the stunning and magical Milford Sound. Both guides were wonderful, so patient and helpful, always cheerful. I learned a lot, too, about NZ and its biology, culture, society - often relayed to us through colorful anecdotes. We had great meals and a terrific mix of accommodations, always in beautiful locations. Queenstown was great fun and allowed us to pick the kinds of activities we wanted - from bungy jumping to paragliding to river rafting and so much more the choices are almost overwhleming. Bruce, Pine Mountain Club / California , 65yrs, United States
NZ Epic Journey Kiwi Trip 4.72 (378) I started my NZ journey with a throat/chest issue; however, Craig, Sarah and the other eleven guests refused to allow that to dampen my spirits. For 20 years I looked forward to visiting NZ outdoors and found the perfect professional company to tour with. Everything came together in such a great way even with a couple of hard rain days. Unfortunately our chopper rides were cancelled but two days of seeing Mt Cook from Brahmer Station more than made up for that. The trip plan allowed us the maximum time in places others probably don't get to experience. Although my fellow travelers had such enthusiasm for NZ's endless beauty the real trip success was due to Craig and Sarah. Professional yes but their ability to be one of us, coach us, feed us, advise us, shepherd us, greet us and entertain us was truly what made this Epic such a success. Chuck, Spartanburg / South Carolina , 75yrs, United States
Dream vacation 4.67 (153) Trip was fantastic! My highlight was Machu Picchu. Cynthia and the Active Adventure crew made the trip so easy & stress free. It was everything I expected and more! Karen, Butler / Pennsylvania , 55yrs, United States
