Best Trip Ever! 4.59 (1979) At the end of this trip, all I could think was that it was the antithesis to the children's book "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day". Someone on our trip must have done something good before coming, because everything came together flawlessly. The two guides (Katie and Clara) were fabulous - hilarious, informative, gracious, and kept the trip running smoothly, seemingly without effort. Ages on our trip spanned from 25-78, a mix of singles and couples, but the group couldn't have gelled better. On top of it all, the weather cooperated beautifully - apparently it rains 200 days a year on the West Coast, but we saw none of it. The activities were fun and well paced, the food provided was excellent, and the playlists on the drives were spot on. Oh and of course, New Zealand itself can't be beat for scenery and friendly people! Erin, / Texas , 30yrs, United States
Good complement to the Rimu! 4.4 (1256) Traveling half way around the world to participate in the Rimu (South Island), we wanted to see the North Island, too. The 11-day Kauri truly addressed that desire and helped us better understand the culture and history of New Zealand. Pam, Houston / Texas , 63yrs, United States
Dolomiti 2016 4.73 (69) This was an absolutely wonderful trip in all the ways that mean so much to us: beautiful scenery with physical "challenges"; great trip leaders (oh how we laughed); wonderful people with which to enjoy the trip; great food and a chance to learn about local culture. Diane, St Paul / Minnesota , 71yrs, United States
4.59 (1979) What a fabulous trip this was! I have traveled extensively throughout the world and often avoid tours because I don't want to be too regimented and I don't want to be on a bus with 40 people! When we decided to go to New Zealand, our goal was to try to experience it rather than just see it and that is just what Active Adventures allowed us to do. The guides know their country well and truly shared it with us. Each day we were out tramping somewhere, rain or shine, but there was always an option to take it easy if one needed to do so. We loved the small size of the group, 11 of us, plus our two guides. They ran each day efficiently and were well-prepared for our meals. We had fresh wholesome snacks always available and all kinds of tips on how to do the hike of the day. Koru was especially knowledgeable about the Maori heritage of New Zealand and was constantly teaching us about the flora and fauna of the country. Liana and Koru both were working late and getting up early to make sure that our day went well. Even when the weather didn't cooperate, there was always another great alternative. They introduced us to the beauty and wonder of New Zealand and when the trip ended, we were excited to head out on our own, with the skills we needed to continue to discover and experience even more! It truly was a trip of a lifetime! Sharon, Denver / Colorado , 66yrs, United States
Fantastic trip! 4.59 (1979) Amanda and Clara are amazing. They provided detailed information about the areas we visited, made sure everyone was safe and sound during our hiking, biking, and kayaking, made the trips between areas entertaining for all, and made sure we had great food the entire time. One of the best trips I've taken, and one I will remember forever. Jay, LOS ALTOS / California , 54yrs, United States
Rimu Rules 4.54 (4384) Excellent trip. Content is outstanding. Delivery is outstanding. Execution is flawless. A very well done experience in a beautiful country. Ken and Elder are the PhD's of guides. If all guides were as good as Ken and Elder, you would be a publicly traded company with a stock value rivaling Apple. Curt, Conway / Massachusetts , 75yrs, United States
Trip of a lifetime! 4.56 (1149) As a woman in her 60s I was a little apprehensive about the physical demands of this trip. But with a bit of training, and a willingness to push myself a bit, I had an amazing time! Hiking, backpacking, kayaking, glacier trekking, biking - I did it all! It was a trip that I'll remember forever. Lynn, Oakdale / Minnesota , 64yrs, United States
Condor - Patagonia Adventure 4.56 (1149) The Condor with Zac, was a wonderful travelling adventure, extremely well organised and delivered by an experienced and competent team of travel professionals both in NZ and SA. All aspects of this trip were delivered in a way to make the trip a continuous enjoyable experience; transfers, accommodation, meals, entertainment, other guides & drivers and impromptu activities were all excellent. There was always opportunities for the more active people in the group to extend themselves and go the extra distances and/or complete additional activities or if you wanted a more relaxed approach this was also accommodated. I cannot speak highly enough of our tour leader Zac; his local knowledge, photography, sense of humour, organisation skills & logistics, ability to easily overcome various issues during the trip without us even noticing, great choice of restaurants, New Years fireworks display & drinks on the beach at Punta Arenas, this list goes on and on!! The other guides Jorge & Aimee were also excellent & worked so well with Zac to look after us all on this trip. Murray, Port Macquarie / New South Wales , 60yrs, Australia
Well Paced Trip with Breathtaking Views 4.73 (69) There are not many trips where pretty much everywhere you look has a good view. This was one of those few trips. The activities were very well paced as well. Jason, Croton On Hudson / New York , 39yrs, United States
One of the Most Incredible Trips of My Life! 4.56 (1149) I had a blast! My group was fantastic, everyone got along, fellow trekkers with many common interest. The guides were incredible and went above and beyond to ensure we had an incredible time. Patagonia is one of the most incredible places I have ever been too, I am glad I went with this tour it allowed me to really see Patagonia and pushed me to hike further than I likely wouldn't on my own. Robert, san diego / California , 38yrs, United States
Good Trip 4.56 (1149) Overall a good, enjoyable trip. Monty, Dublin / California , 65yrs, United States
Tui, A Winner from Start to Finish 4.59 (1979) The Tui trip for me was the most amazing vacation of my life. We were able to do so much in such a short time without the worries of driving the challenging New Zealand roads. Our accommodations were excellent ranging from a deluxe cabin in a rain forest to a beautiful hotel in Queenstown. From our professional and personable guides, to the delicious meals and snacks, to the music played on our van, a relaxing atmosphere was created for us all. The Tui trip is crafted for a variety of skill levels and ages. At times the activities were challenging, but so worth the rewards of the beautiful New Zealand mountains and forests. The tour was a small group of 10 which allowed for personal interactions. This trip will always hold a special place in my heart. Donna Donna, Harshaw / Wisconsin , 66yrs, United States
Iguana 2019 4.52 (111) Great trip. Loved the pace of the trip. Enjoyed doing all the activities biking, hiking and snorkeling. Georgia, Greenfield / Indiana , 58yrs, United States
My wonderful trip 4.54 (4384) I loved the RIMU TOUR program in the South Island of New Zealand. The scenery is beautiful by nature and the program was, simply, fantastic. Of all the adventure trips I have taken and there have been a few, Florence, Berlin, Tromso, Dublin, Wall of China, Petra, of all the trips I have ever taken, this was undoubtedly one of the best. You can use my name and surname (Cely Freitas). I'll share some fotos. Cheers Cely, Rio de Janeiro / Rio de Janeiro , 59yrs, Brazil
Best trip ever! 4.45 (824) Kaleb and Ruby E were attentive and knowledgeable guides. Ruby’s cooking was amazing! Loved the peaceful and beautiful hikes. Randy, / Ohio , 67yrs, United States
Tortuga 4.56 (1458) Good, really ENJOYED IT Thank you! Eun, Potomac / Maryland , 75yrs, United States
Active hiking 4.59 (1979) Great guides, walks and interesting food and accommodations. Eric, Wolcott / Colorado , 70yrs, United States
Wonderful Trip! 4.59 (1979) This trip made us heavily consider moving to New Zealand. It was a once in a lifetime opportunity to take in such beautiful landscapes while being actively engaged with the environment. The epic scenery coupled with the activities definitely made it a true adventure! Becca, Kennesaw / Georgia , 33yrs, United States
Colorful Peru! 4.5 (2035) Peru is a marvelous canvas of color, music and history; beautiful people, delicious food and breathtaking scenery. This adventure to Peru was amazing! It was a dynamic journey full of beauty and fun. From an unforgettable hike at the Lares Inca Trail to submerging into the life of the local families at Amantani Island! Everything during the trip was executed in an organized and safe manner. Thank you to our fantastic group leader, Erick, and to all my lovely travel Amigos for making this adventure a colorful one! This is how you celebrate Life! Abinette from Puerto Rico Aby, Lexington / South Carolina , 42yrs, United States
Couple from Little Rock 4.45 (824) My husband and I had been thinking about a trip to New Zealand for at least 5 years but planning it seemed overwhelming. When a friend told us about her trip with Active New Zealand we decided to look into the options. It was everything we had dreamed it would be and more. There just could not have been a better way for us to actually see and do all that we did in 2 weeks. Kudos to our wonderful guides, Amanda and Holly!!! I have put out 2 ferns on my front porch to remind me of them and of our once in a lifetime trip. Martha, Little Rock / Arkansas , 65yrs, United States
"Outdorphin" Fix Satisfied! 4.56 (1149) Patagonia was on my bucket list. Mountains are my happy place where I feel the grandeur of nature and the smallness of myself! Fresh air, vivid flowers, crystal blue skies, surreal endless majestic horizons, pristine rivers, icy glacial water, and the comradery that comes from a shared experience with new friends. All of this and more from Active Adventure’s Condor trip. Every step on every hike lead to a payoff for your eyes and soul. If you love to get your endorphins from being outside – you can get your “outdorphin” fill from a trek like this. An unbelievable trip - with memories for a lifetime. All enjoyed with my best friend while making new friends! Renee, Mendota Heights / Minnesota , 57yrs, United States
A Great Taste of the South Island 4.54 (4384) It's obvious that the Rimu Tour has been tuned to perfection over time. The venues are wonderful and the food is excellent (thank you Mel!). Many hours in the bus, but that was to be expected given the breadth of coverage. I'd highly recommend this tour without hesitation! Doug, Winchester / Massachusetts , 69yrs, United States
One. More. Time. 4.4 (1256) What to say? I probably should have done the 2 week North Island trip, too. Only so many vacation days, sadly. It was so wonderful. Cyclones included. Andy and Jo were so much fun and wanted us all to have a great time. I would book it again...and again....and again. Becky, Watertown / Massachusetts , 43yrs, United States
Smile Overload 4.54 (4384) So much to see and things to do that the mind gets agog a bit. A real physical test at times for an old guy like me and plenty of variety to keep me excited. Great guides and great group of folks. Plenty of memories to kick in my bucket and reflect in my dreams. Don, Owensboro / Kentucky , 73yrs, United States
Life Confirming 4.78 (58) Nepal and the Himalayas … how to describe this trip? Kathmandu- chaotic, but zen. Third world with a twist. Lukla- quite the airport, both arrival and departure. Khumbu trek- a road of stones and stairs, animals, and people, dust, exotic smells, noise at all levels, but calm. As you trek and enter nature it all becomes part of you. Truly an experience of being one with the earth and all of her sentient beings. I found myself chanting and crying as I viewed Everest and the sister mountains. I trembled at my first of 12 suspension bridge s and overcame my fear by bridge # 10. The Nepalese are wonderful and welcoming; children's laughter and song always present somewhere. For me, this trip exceeded my expectations and has won its place to the top of my favorite trips list. Thank you to the wonderful guides- knowledgable and caring. Thank you to active adventures- always a pleasure to see what you have created. Genie, Kingston / New York , 62yrs, United States
Fantastic Experience! 4.59 (1979) We loved this adventure. We have lots of experience with guided hiking tours mainly in Europe and this was one of our favorites. It was a very unique tour. The best scenery of New Zealand, hearty hiking and a good variety of activities made for an awesome time. Ken and Brogan are very special. Their knowledge of NZ flora and fauna and everything else was outstanding. Tom, San Rafael / California , 61yrs, United States
A Trip Through Wonderland 4.56 (1458) A wonderful trip through a Wonderland! Everything in Galapagos went like clockwork which was due to detail planning and meticulous management by the team in Galapagos. Jose, our guide, was excellent and he was a fountain of knowledge and information. It was a pleasure having him as our guide. The Giant Tortoises were the main highlight of the trip. At the ranch in Santa Cruz we hiked around the tortoise country. There were tortoises of various sizes. There were even some tortoises in a marsh that was completely covered with red algae. From a distance it looked like artificial turf of a tennis court, except that there were tortoise shells sticking out from it! We saw giant tortoises lounging in the mud, eating in slow motion (for us anyway!), walking deliberately across the fields carrying their huge shell effortlessly and of course trying to hide. When disturbed they made a loud hissing sound and recessed their heads into their carapace while bringing their strong front feet with sharp claws in front of their faces in a defensive posture. We spent a long time basking in the splendor of these magnificent creatures. They were truly extraordinary and it was a highlight of our trip to spend time in their presence. One of the caretakers at the tortoise breeding facility in Isabela Island showed us an eight day old tortoise which was barely bigger than the egg it just recently hatched from. It is humbling to realize that this tiny creature will one day become a giant of this land and will outlive us, our children and our children’s children. Live long and prosper, adorable little dude! The other main highlight of the trip was the marine iguanas. They melded their prehistoric bodies into the crags and crevices of the volcanic rocks and left strange trailing marks on the restless sand. Then there were the brightly colored marine iguanas. They had red and green splotches over their entire bodies. The males fought with each other to gain the highest spot on the rocks. They moved slowly on land and swam elegantly in water. They were a surreal sight. The other highlights of the trip were, sea lion rookery at La Loberia beach, dolphins and fin whales, kayaking in Isabela bay, snorkeling in the Tintoreras, fearless penguins, sunset on the black sand beach in Floreana, magnificent flamingoes, graceful eagle rays and of course the blue footed boobies at Darwin Bay. My favorite moment was at Darwin Bay in San Cristobal Island where the wind was a balmy seventy and frigate birds circled the sky. The sun peeped through lazy clouds in the horizon while a yellow finch darted in front and vanished into the towering cacti. It was the time of the day when brown pelicans searched for their last bit of morsel before retiring for the day. Blue footed boobies preened on guano covered rocks as they too ready themselves for the passing of the sunlight. Perhaps the sea lions noticed the passing of the light. They are aptly described as lumbering on land but in the water they darted frantically. They must sense a final feeding before retiring for the night. The water where a few stragglers still snorkel lazily is bluish green and the surf hitting the cove is as bright as a fresh coat of vanilla ice cream. Looking over them all was the statue of Charles Darwin, his back to the cove. He was welcoming us all to his beloved Galapagos. The sun started to gently descend into the horizon and an eerie calmness descended upon the land. The frantic feeding of the yellow finned tuna had given way to tranquility, a silent waiting but not a permanent ending. The frigate birds had finally ceased their hovering. They were now perched on the cliffs and on a few precariously hanging trees. There was no one there as the sun finally set over the magnificent Galapagos. It was a moment of unimaginable peace. It was a moment worthwhile to have come so far for. I carry in my heart the wonder and beauty of the Galapagos and the hospitality of the people. That will remain with me forever. Thanks for making that happen. Swarnal, Boise / Idaho , 44yrs, United States
Top-Notch Trip 4.56 (1458) The Tortuga itinerary was so thoughtfully planned and seamlessly executed. Active Adventures gave us an all-access pass to the National Park and all the tools and toys to enjoy every moment. We consider ourselves very independent travelers and capable of just about anything, but there is no way we could have done even half of the activities or gained nearly as much knowledge without their expert guiding. This was such a fun and fulfilling trip--thank you! Mike, Hoboken / New Jersey , 43yrs, United States
Active adventures 4.54 (4384) It was really an active trip and full of adventures for me. Got me out of my comfort zone and do things that I really enjoyed. Teo, / , 60yrs, Singapore
Awesome trip! 4.59 (1979) Our Tui trip was even more fabulous than we had imagined! Our guides were great, the scenery was fantastic, and being active & outdoors is definitely the best way to truly experience New Zealand. Barb, Edmond / Oklahoma , 71yrs, United States
Jaguar trip 9-16 4.5 (2035) I was interested in this trip because I had always dreamed of going to Machu Picchu and the only reason I was traveling to Peru was because that is where Machu Picchu was. As it turned out, getting to Machu Picchu was great but it wasn't even one of the highlights of the trip! I am so glad I went on this trip with Active Adventures because it exposed us to much more of Peru than we would have seen had we just trekked to Machu Picchu. Erick our guide was like our "peruvian google" who could answer just about any question we had about his country. As with the Condor trip I took to Patagonia last year, I always felt taken care of and could relax because all the little details were worked out by Erick and his Active Adventures Crew. Couldn't have had a better time in Peru than our Jaguar trip! Randy, Kula / Hawaii , 66yrs, United States
Fun, interesting, beautiful, very well run. 4.45 (824) Greg and Jess ran an excellent tour. We learned a lot, had so much fun, ate delicious meals, drank fantastic wine, and enjoyed gorgeous hiking every day. Laurie, Bethesda / Maryland , 65yrs, United States
