Best Trip Ever 4.54 (4384) Every single bit of the trip was amazing - the route, the guides, the activities, the food and the company. There wasn't a single thing that I could fault - I always saw a trip to New Zealand as a trip of a lifetime and Active made sure it didn't disappoint! Nick, 11 Branch Road / London , 31yrs, United Kingdom
Truly a Trip of a Lifetime! 4.56 (1458) I have been wanting to go to the Galapagos for more than 20 years and finally had the opportunity after retiring. Though retired I wanted to be very active and this was the perfect fit! I hiked, biked, boated, snorkeled, scuba dived and still had time to take a nap in a hammock on my veranda overlooking the water. Our guide Pablo was fantastic, he was informative, passionate about the Islands and the conservation work being done there but also wanting each of us to love our planet. He made sure to help us see whatever we had on our individual bucket lists. The accommodations were wonderful and the food was awesome! I hated to leave. PJ, Boonville / California , 71yrs, United States
A Very Challenging, But Rewarding Adventure 4.56 (1149) I had not hiked outside of the United States. At almost 73, I decided to tackle this Patagonia Adventure and an adventure it was. I trained hard for it and my training was extremely beneficial. One could not train for the terrain or the Patagonia winds, but those winds now make me smile.....both certainly make for good stories. Our guides were fantastic and every detail was considered. They were both encouraging and cautious when they needed to be. Our group, although different in ages and skill level, clicked from day two and all encouraged each other. LOTS of laughs were shared after each day as we enjoyed our meals, stories, and "what's next". Thank you Active Adventures for putting together a trip that included the penquins, kayaking, hiking the glaciers, and biking....we did them all in addition to the W trek and many other wonderful trails. Thank you to the group and guides for helping make many wonderful memories. Nancy, Columbus Indiana / Indiana , 74yrs, United States
Tui trip, March 2019 4.59 (1979) This was our first time in New Zealand and it was a family vacation during spring break. What a fantastic adventure! We thoroughly enjoyed the beauty of NZ, the attention to detail provided by Active Adventures and our wonderful guides (Ellie and Laura). Highly recommended, activity packed week. Would do it again in a heart beat! Jose, Jacksonville / Florida , 65yrs, United States
Wonderful Trip!!! 4.74 (266) The EBC was the ultimate hiking experience. The trails are good. The scenery is breathtaking. Active Adventures made the pre-trip arrangements easy. Our guides, Kim and Gokul, were the best; accomodating, informative,and fun. The accommodations that were chosen appeared to be the best available, and were quite good. This trip was pretty mind blowing!!! Brian, Eureka / Missouri , 60yrs, United States
Active says it all. 4.54 (4384) Karen, Dolores / Colorado , 66yrs, United States
Experience of a Lifetime 4.54 (4384) The Rimu trip was the trip of a lifetime. From the mind-blowing scenery on the east coast of the South Island to the incredible vistas of the high alpine treks it was everything that I could have wished for.Challenging overnight hikes in the real Kiwi back country to the alpine huts followed by the comfortable lodges, retreats and B&Bs at days end, it was the most comprehensive South Island experience one could imagine.Kayaking on Okarito and mountain biking to the beautiful shores of Lake Wanaka this trip really had it all. The guides were incredible, a combination of cook, Mother, Father,teacher, sherpa and buddy they served great food and shared our daily experiences with enthusiasm and encouragement. Outstanding. Mark, Queenstown / , 64yrs, New Zealand
Keeps getting better! 4.56 (1149) My third Active Adventure trip (NZ & Galapagos before) and I loved it! EVERYTHING AA does is done excellently and professionally. The trip matched the published itinerary & descriptions perfectly. The trip planning, booking and travel assistance, both on the website and by phone, are superb and the staff are the most pleasant and helpful you can find anywhere. Once "in-country", the AA guides care for you from beginning to end, making it easy to enjoy the experience without the hassles of having to plan or worry about transportation, accommodations, excursions or meals. I can't say enough about our guide(s) on ALL of the trips I've taken. Not only are they knowledgeable and experienced, but such genuinely nice and caring people, bending over backwards to take care of your every need, both on and off the trail. In regards to the specifics of THIS trip, Patagonia may be the most beautiful region I have ever travelled in, and I've been to quite a few around the world. Pristine mountains, lakes, rivers, waterfalls, glaciers, wide-open grassy plains and charming small towns with great inns/hotels and a great "vibe". Great Trip! Hans, Sarasota / Florida , 66yrs, United States
Rimu flavor 4.54 (4384) Active did an excellent job encompassing the full flavor of the South Island. I really feel I saw it all. The variety of locations and activities maintained excitement through the entire trip. Andrew and Mel were the best guides I've ever had on a tour and I have traveled the globe. I would recommend Active! Stephanie, Wheat Ridge / Colorado , 49yrs, United States
Patagonia 1-26-2014 4.56 (1149) I would actually rate the trip a 4.5. There are a few trips of a lifetime and this is a must see. Had our group not been as large and diverse, I would have rated it a 5. We had unseasonably good weather and I can see why National Geographic rated Patagonia one of the top 10 most beautiful places in the world. The Active trip covers the highlights very well, without rushing the sights. Our guide Sebastian was a great ambassador for his country and I couldn't have asked for better. He is knowledgeable, competent, kind, fun and knows how to handle a vast array of personalities and abilities - letting each traveler get the most out of their trip. I would highly recommend both Active and this trip in particular. Keri, Northville / Michigan , 58yrs, United States
Amazing Way to See the North Island 4.4 (1256) All aspects of the trip were excellent. The tour guides were friendly and knowledgable, the food was fantastic and we went to some amazing places. I'll definately take a tour with Active Adventures New Zealand in the future. Wanda, Anacortes / Washington , 62yrs, United States
No words can describe it! 4.56 (1149) No words can describe the awesomeness of this trip. It was the most challenging experience I've ever had. As one of the "geezers" on the trip, there were times I thought I just can't take another step. But I did it! The guides were super patient, encouraging, and supportive. All the guides were knowledgeable and passionate about their areas. The scenery...glaciers, lakes, mountain peaks...were beyond magnificent. Truly one of the most breathtakingly beautiful places on this planet. Except for the first night, accommodations were first rate and meals were exceptional. We definitely were well fed on this trip! Our van driver, Mariones, was a delight and very professional. As a group, we all got along very well, and had a lot of fun. I'm sure some of the younger people of the group got a little impatient with us seniors, but they were all good sports and very supportive. Having said that, there are a couple of areas of concern. The first hotel was not good...the location was off the bus route and some people had to walk through town from the central bus stop dragging their luggage along steep and uneven streets. Breakfast was the worst at any of the hotels. Some people were disappointed in the accommodations at the refugios, but I felt that was all part of the W experience...I would not change that. Understanding that getting us on the road on time, and loading the van with luggage and people is very chaotic, it would be worth it to take a few extra minutes to ensure all luggage is aboard. Although we had two daypacks with the luggage, someone must have put them to the side to be loaded later and they never made it on the van. Sebastian located them at the hotel in Calafate and ensured us he would ship them to us. I totally misunderstood the bike portion of the trip...I expected more of a cruising experience instead of a difficult mountain biking experience. I am not comfortable on bikes to begin with, and to be on poor equipment with no guidance or instruction, was very disconcerting. Because of my inexperience and discomfort with mountain bikes and terrain (rocky, roots, holes, shrubs, very narrow trail, etc.) I did fall a few times and ended up walking my bike the last 100 yards or so. I was not injured, but did sustain many bruises and scrapes and scratches. My lady parts will never be the same! ----------------------------------------------------------------- Based on the trip literature, I underestimated the degree of difficulty. Should indicate that you must be in excellent physical shape. If I had known the specifics for each hike, and the biking, I never would have signed up...AND I WOULD HAVE MISSED THE BEST TRIP EVER! Thanks for challenging me to prove that I could do it!!! Bobbi, Wheat Ridge / Colorado , 69yrs, United States
Our adventure continues 4.4 (1256) We did the first 5 days of the Kauri trip right after our 8 day Tui trip. So glad we did, as we got to experience the different things the North island has to offer. I only wish we could have done the entire trip! Barb, Edmond / Oklahoma , 71yrs, United States
Dolomiti 4.73 (69) Pictures don't capture the beauty of the Dolomites. Around every bend and hill climbed stands a new view more stunning then the last. Our guides-Mike, Phil and Richard were an added bonus! Diana, Chula Vista / California , 37yrs, United States
Manuka Hiking December 2016 4.45 (824) It was a wonderful trip that we will never forget. The guides, Jess and Greg, were excellent. They went above and beyond to ensure that we had a great time. We would have preferred more time on the ground v. time in the bus but recognize that it was necessary to cover the ground that we did. I would recommend Active Adventures to anyone looking to hike in New Zealand. James, Toronto / Ontario , 73yrs, Canada
Best vacation yet! 4.59 (1979) When my wife and I started talking about how we wanted to celebrate our 10 year anniversary we started to think big. We had come across pictures of New Zealand. We started looking at Lord of the Rings Tours but they seemed to focus more seeing the studios or showing up at a photo stop. We wanted something more adventurous. After searching online for awhile we found the Active Adventures site. Fast forward a year and we were landing in Christchurch getting ready to kick off the tour! We both had high expectations for the trip, and man did it deliver! It seemed like every day we got to see scenery that took our breath away. We loved the physical activity, the sense of accomplishment every day David, Christiansburg / Virginia , 37yrs, United States
Awesome Galapagos 4.56 (1458) Wonderful trip, Pablo was a wonderful guide. I'm not especially an animal person, but nevertheless the wildlife was the absolute highlight of this trip. Peter, Kettering / Tasmania , 67yrs, Australia
Great Condor Trip 4.56 (1149) We just finished a Condor trip with eight other folks and our guide, Cynthia. The trip was awesome and Cynthia did a terrific job of keeping everything fun, organized, and hassle-free - she is a gem. We were very fortunate to have wonderful weather, which made every day enjoyable, memorable, and often spectacular. I thought the trip was very well organized and thought out, and the itinerary was excellent - really much better than several other trips we were considering. Of course, the scenery is amazing, and the itinerary maximises our enjoyment of it. We had three long (13 mile) days, but all of us did just fine. I was surprised by the excellent quality of the meals, which were much better than I expected - the choice of restaurants was great. The hotels were also very good. And the refugios were much nicer than I expected, and great places to end each day. This was our fifteenth adventure trip (with various companies) and this is definitely one our favourites, and one that we will never forget. I certainly would highly recommend this trip to anyone looking for a Patagonia trip. Robert, Edgewood / Washington , 72yrs, United States
Excellent 4.54 (4384) This trip went beyond my expectations in every aspect. Active Adventures knows what they're doing and provides the most thoughtful and best experience. I've done many organized trips over the world with other companies, and this was one of the best I've taken. The company and guides create a trip that feels personal (not touristy at all) of the most amazing spots of New Zealand, while choosing exceptional and beautiful places to stay. This was exactly what I was hoping for (even better). If you enjoy to be active, you will love this trip. Thank you, Active Adventures! Nadia, Lafayette / California , 44yrs, United States
Amazing! 4.54 (4384) I am not sure I have the right words to describe my experience. All I can say at this moment is, 3 weeks later I am still feeling very much inspired to continue my love for travel and exploration. Ash and Astrid we're the bees knees! No doubt they thought we were nutzo but we had so many laughs and good meals together. New friends were made! Becky, Watertown / Massachusetts , 43yrs, United States
4.54 (4384) I've wanted to see New Zealand for 30 years. It lived up to my expectations. Marianne, Blairsville / Georgia , 62yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime! 4.62 (279) One of the most beautiful places on earth! The natural wonder - day after day - of the Annapurna Sanctuary is awe-inspiring, and watching the sun rise on Annapurna South was definitely the highlight. The knowledgeable and friendly Active Adventures guides and porters made this trek a fun and educational experience. Daniel, Washington / DC , 51yrs, United States
Beyond Amazing 4.78 (58) I really did not know what to expect when this trip was booked other than having the chance to see Nepal and trek the Himalayas. There was no way to anticipate what it was really like when we there from the moment we arrived in Kathmandu and experienced the traffic on the way from the airport to the hotel, to the heartstopping landing at Lukla airport, to seeing the mountains for the first time, to the actual trekking through the mountains, valleys and villages. There is something powerfully overwhelming and awe inspiring being among the steep peaks and deep river valleys in an area of the world where life has gone on and people have learned so survive for what seems forever. The trek and the adjustment to the Nepalese diet was, at times, demanding, but every day was worthwhile. There was something deeply moving and transformational about this trek compared to other outdoor adventures. Perhaps it is the holy mountains or the deeply spiritual nature that is everywhere on display walking among stupas, prayer flags and stones carved or painted with Sanskrit that makes Nepal and the trek so extraordinary. Even after almost two weeks back, I can still feel the energy of this trip in every moment. Larry, Kingston / New York , 73yrs, United States
New Zealand 4.4 (1256) The trip was great. What impressed us the most was how well the guides managed everything. This included not only the daily hikes and tours, but also preparing meals and being able to do all of the physical hiking and climbing. Harry, Brentwood / California , 68yrs, United States
4.72 (378) This Kiwi Trip was my third Active Adventures (hiking) trip. I have been to Patagonia twice with Active Adventures on their Condor Adventure. This trip was extremely scenic, had wonderful hikes that were quite fun, and yet was relaxed enough to really sit back and enjoy the whole thing. Our guides, Simon and Ruby, made the trip fun and provided lots of info on the NZ culture, history, and geographic sites. Their ability to work together in a happy confident manner allowed us, their guests, to relax and have fun. I will always remember their enthusiasm for all things New Zealand and for life, in general. They were simply terrific! I would go on ANY trip with them as my guides. David, Bellingham / Washington , 73yrs, United States
Land based trip is the best 4.56 (1458) So glad we chose Active and a land based trip to the Galapagos. I think we got to see more and experience the islands more than you could from a boat. Marty, Chapel Hill / North Carolina , 72yrs, United States
FABULOUS HOLIDAY 4.56 (1458) I just completed our family scrapbook of the trip - and noticed that everyone was smiling all the time. This was a great family vacation! Thank you, thank you. I love having time to tour the villages we stayed in - fresh Galapagos coffee at 7am is THE BEST. We saw so many different animals, birds, plants and landscapes - the trip was better than I hoped for. Our guide Eduardo was wonderful - he knew everything - kept us on schedule - was completely unflappable - and was amazing with the young adults in our family - introducing them to the local nightlife. Everyone agreed that the most magical part was snorkeling with sea turtles -to just be with these huge, calm creatures was awe inspiring. Relaxing on a few deserted beaches provided cherished family time. I also liked the 2 dinners that we had on our own - although we were part of a wonderful group of 12, it was quite nice to slip away as a family of 6 every now and again. We will certainly use Active Adventures again - and I hope some day to return to the Galapagos as it is not only the epicenter of evolution, but of conservation too. I was impressed with everything - from lobster dinner to highland springs, sharks, boobies and albatrosses. Thank you - and Eduardo - for making Christmas 2013 fabulous. Allison, Lake Oswego / Oregon , 62yrs, United States
Birthday Celebration 4.4 (1256) Wow, what a way to turn 60! I had been looking at traveling to New Zealand for 8 years and finally had the opportunity. This trip to the North Island was incredible. The guides were knowledgeable about their country; shared valuable information with us along the tour and prepared some awesome meals! I especially liked the continued history and information on the Maori culture, which was of particular interest to me. Belle, Pasadena / California , 66yrs, United States
Awesome! 4.54 (4384) I had an amazing time on the Rimu trip with Ken and Alex, we saw many breathtaking places and went on lots of adventures, but I think what truly made this an incredible experience was our two incredible guides! They were so much fun, so engaged and they are the kind of people who you want to hang out with all the time, truly the life of the party! Lauren, Stuart / Florida , 28yrs, United States
Active Rimu 4.54 (4384) Truly a bucket list trip! Great guides (Alex, Logan, Lina), and great new friends. We are still on an adrenalin high from this trip. Just be ready for some serious hiking and the reward of spectacular views and experiences! Bob, Thornhill / Ontario , 64yrs, Canada
The Beautiful South Island 4.54 (4384) We truly had a marvelous time on our adventure. The South Island is stunning in so many ways. Nick, our guide, was knowledgeable, pleasant, and flexible. He saw that our needs and desires were met at every turn along the journey. Lana, Houston / Texas , 62yrs, United States
4.54 (4384) The guides were fantastic, coupled with the gorgeous scenery, it made for one our most memorable trips. Jeff, Middleton / Wisconsin , 65yrs, United States
