Inca Trail And Amazon Rain Forest 4.5 (2035) This trip was totally amazing. beautiful scenery, wonderful guides, great food and full of lots off active adventures. Beth, Lake Placid / New York , 57yrs, United States
Adventure Peru 4.5 (2035) Beautiful, people, culture and mountain vistas. Louise, Foothills / Alberta , 55yrs, Canada
Jaguar Trip was the Best! 4.5 (2035) This was an amazing trip! There were so many highlights... our outstanding, kind, patient, amazing leader Gustavo!! What an absolute saint. He was so organized and insightful ! Our awesome trek crew who spoiled us with outstanding food and comraderie. The beautiful people of Peru who are so generous with their history and culture. The hiking was challenging but the views made it totally worth the effort. Honestly I cannot think of a way this trip could have been better. We were so well cared for and it is definitely an active adventure! Christine, Foothills / Alberta , 51yrs, Canada
The Only Way to Trek EBC! :) 4.74 (266) As a solo traveler, I rely on a trusted company that can get me safely from point A to B, especially when I’m unfamiliar with the area. At the same time, I expect them to provide excellent customer service (addressing questions/concerns, employing outgoing/knowledgeable guides, etc.). After my third trip with Active Adventures, I feel safe to assume that they check all of these boxes off for me! Kevin, Dover / New Hampshire , 33yrs, United States
Amazing!!! 4.74 (266) I had wanted to hike to Everest for 20 years. The trip was an absolute adventure and fulfilled my dream. The guides were awesome and paid such good attention and made sure we were taken care of. Cannot recommend this trip highly enough. Mollie, Denver / Colorado , 55yrs, United States
A MUST DO!!! 4.5 (2035) I recently travelled (for the second time) with Active Adventures to Machu Picchu & the Amazon (the Jaguar). The trip was a dream come true. Due to some very fortunate circumstances, I got to enjoy an intimate journey along the Lares Trail through the Sacred Valley of the Incas for 3 glorious days before reaching Machu Picchu on the 4th day and joining back up with my group. The Lares Trek was rugged and open with varied terrain and breathtaking views for as far as the eye could see. We passed llamas, alpacas, villagers, glaciers, waterfalls, lakes, gorgeous eucalyptus woods, quinoa fields, old farm houses from the Inca period, and so much more. Every step led to a new insights of the old world, and my brilliant guide Erick was always ready with his narration of the history of the land and people. The 3-course dining and camping were also very good, and my hosts were gracious and efficient. We even made a stop to Aguascalientes (hot spring), where I got to enjoy a very relaxing soak. Following Machu Picchu, the Amazon adventure for 2 days was also very exciting. I personally loved the heavy exotic heat of the days and warm-cool nights. (A dip in the swimming pool and a memory foam bed in the cabin made for a magnificent sleep). Live tarantulas, capybaras, sloths, owls and green orange trees were firsts for me, and the relaxing pace made for a perfect wind down to the adventure. All in all, this trip was a MUST DO. I’m already thinking of my next AA journey. Melanie, Toronto / Ontario , 48yrs, Canada
Tortuga trip 4.56 (1458) What an incredible experience we had! The trip was perfectly organized, the accommodations great, the food fantastic, especially all the fish we had and then there was Pepo! A truly gifted guide, he had an encyclopedic knowledge of everything Galapagos, was always attentive to the group and had us laughing always. Don’t miss this trip! Nancy, Westport Point / Massachusetts , 67yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime 4.52 (111) This trip was truly a trip of a lifetime for me. Not only did I see sights about which I had dreamed my whole life, I got to experience everything close up and personal. The Peru segment was fantastic - only vacation I have been on where I came back in better shape than I left - the hikes were glorious and wonderfully challenging. Seeing Machu Picchu was more than I ever expected. The Galapagos are a water and marine life lovers dream. Best snorkeling we have ever done, and the different islands were all so unique. I don't have enough good things to say about this tour. Well organized, educational and most of all, fun! We don't usually take tours, but this one made us feel like we hit the jackpot. Excellent! Moya, Palm Coast / Florida , 65yrs, United States
Peru and Ecuador 4.52 (111) We travel....a lot, and this was an epic adventure! What we saw was amazing but even more impressive was the logistics behind our travel. Our trip was flawless. All the transportation and local guides were on time and extremely nice. Our main guides, Sergio and Tambo were very special people. Wonderfully knowledgeable and went out of their way to make our trip special. I will highly recommend Active Adventure to everyone. Steve, Palm Coast / Florida , 62yrs, United States
AST — one amazing moment after another 4.62 (279) The trip exceeded my expectations in every way. The Annapurna region provides the stunning scenery with its towering peaks and deep valleys but it was our guides Dan and Arjun who really made the trek a superlative experience. Of course, they efficiently handled the “nuts & bolts” of the tour — the rooms, the meals, the flights, transport, and all the little things that ensured an enjoyable and worry-free tour. But it was their enthusiasm to share Nepalese culture with us that really made the whole tour exceptional. I had experiences and interactions with the local people that I would have NEVER otherwise had on my own. Overall, a top-notch experience that I will never forget! Tim, Glendale / New York , 52yrs, United States
Annapurna Base Camp or Bust 4.62 (279) This trip exceeded all my expectations - guides, the scenery, the difficulty, the camaraderie, the people and the pure awe of the Himalayans. Nepal is a poor country that is rich in tradition, humanity and pure beauty. The Nepalese are so very generous and showed their kindness every day. The guides and porters made sure everyone had the best experience. They were always supportive, engaging and encouraging. This was definitely an once in a lifetime experience I will never forget. Terry, Santa Barbara / California , 71yrs, United States
Roof of the world views and the best people on earth! 4.62 (279) We took this trip (our 2nd with AA) to trek to the foot of the greatest mountains on the planet. We got that and so much more. Our guides, DK and Arjun, along with our porters, turned out to be great human beings and friends who introduced us to a culture and way of life we hardly knew. We came away with a profound respect for Nepal and the Nepali people and how much they could teach the rest of the world. Whatever it took, they made certain we were all successful in reaching Annapurna Base Camp and, even more importantly, getting to know and understand the people of Nepal. We have lots of spectacular photos and our hearts are full of memories that made this trip special. Duncan, Santa Barbara / California , 72yrs, United States
Galapagos easter 2019 4.56 (1458) Hi, we have just got back from our trip to Quito and the Galapagos. I wanted to drop you a line to thank you for organising such an amazing holiday. I also wanted to mention that our guide Pepo was brilliant and made the whole trip one to remember for ever. He obviously cares so much about his islands that it is infectious. We had a great group and have come home with some great memories, although our luggage is still to arrive! :) not a problem, it means a break before all the washing. Please can you send me a hard copy of your new brochure as I would like to book another holiday! Anne-Marie, Stanton By Bridge / Derbyshire , 55yrs, United Kingdom
The Enormity of It All. 4.74 (266) To speak about the scenery, the remarkable beauty, and the incredible and overwhelming feelings of smallness in a giant world is easy when talking about our trip to EBC. To exhaust my vocabulary using hyperbole would be entirely appropriate when describing the physical experience of being in a place that very few people in this world ever get to see. While it was definitely a time that no one could ever forget for the "whats", the "wheres", and the "hows", what made this trip was the "who." Guides can simply bring you from one point to another with relative ease and efficiency. They can make sure that you are equipped and given adequate direction, but with Koru, Amrit, and Ram, there was a sense of togetherness, of oneness, and a shared experience that was felt throughout. I can have all of the pictures, all of the video; I can share stories, reminisce with the friends I went with, and attempt to describe all that I saw and felt with those who weren't there. What I can't do is describe the feeling of this shared experience, the oneness with those who had a love for the Himalayas, and the indisputable drive to personally shape the experience for each person. We all felt the power of where we were. I don't know how it was done, but Koru, Amrit, and Ram established an environment that all felt trust in each other, faith in our guides, and made it possible for all of us to truly have that experience of a lifetime. I no longer have a bucket list, I have an insatiable desire to do all of it. Steven, Owings Mills / Maryland , 48yrs, United States
Manuka Trip 2019 4.45 (824) This was a wonderful trip! Our first time in New Zealand -- what an enchanting country. Jackie and Lauren were great hosts: efficient, safe transport, wonderful food, and a fount of information and knowledge about our travels and in response to questions. The hand-over to Ultimate Travel for the Milford Track went smoothly and we felt well-prepared physically and mentally by all the hikes we went on beforehand. We were sad to have the trip end at last, but feel we have made some good friends and have had a marvelous vacation. Thank you! Don, Aguanga / California , 79yrs, United States
Fine Aptitude for Flexibility with Surprises 4.59 (1979) When you have mother nature flooding out bridges and making glaciers dangerous and you still have a total and great experience, you know you have wonderful leaders! The communing with nature on this trip was outstanding. It’s difficult to capture experiences with wildlife but that’s exactly what happened. I’ll never, ever forget my walk with the Kea. Linda, Placentia / California , 63yrs, United States
Nailed it! 4.45 (824) I was anxious and excited to join this trip because it really is a trip of a lifetime including the expense and the distance. If you must know, I am not the most athletic person but Pim and Emma made the experience so much fun even when we got stuck in a deluge at Milford Sound. They are so encouraging even when I was almost ready to give up.I also loved their energy in doing everything they can in catering to our needs from preparing our food, carrying our luggage and driving us around. We had a blast! This was a great prebirthday celebration for me. Dahlia, Gardendale / Alabama , 51yrs, United States
The Right Mix 4.72 (378) When I started planning my New Zealand adventure vacation, more than anything, I wanted to be sure it included the right mix of activity and relaxation. The Kiwi trip was spot on for me! I loved the small group size and the variety of daily adventures that were included. We covered a lot of New Zealand territory but our great guides, Lauren and Kaleb, made our travels truly awesome by keeping us informed, safe, and on-time. They were congenial, knowledgeable, organized and great fun! Gloria, Orefield / Pennsylvania , 59yrs, United States
Amazing way to see New Zealand 4.5 (349) The Weka trip was an amazing way to see so much of the South Island - it really encompassed all that we love. The biking was amazing with many different options, loved the hiking and touring Milford Sound by boat was good - spectacular scenery even more spectacular guides that make this trip the 5 star. Rose, Huntsville / Ontario , 60yrs, Canada
Sharing a Family Adventure in the Himalayas 4.78 (58) Paula, Elizabethtown / Kentucky , 68yrs, United States
A Magical Land 4.54 (4384) New Zealand is one of the more remarkable locations I have had the opportunity to visit. It is truly a magical kind of place for me and seems to have had all the landscapes I love. Mountains that rise up out of the sea, beaches that you can have all to yourself and walk on for miles, forests that change as you travel around the island; you would find it hard to get bored with this mix. If that is not enough, there is our guides. The two drove us, inspired us, cooked fantastic meals for us and had answers to all our myriad of questions. I simply cannot say enough about Claire and Mel! Larry, Manchester / Washington , 65yrs, United States
Dream come true on the Manuka Trip. 4.45 (824) Another great adventure with Active Adventures. We certainly enjoyed our tour of the South Island and completing one of our bucket list items of hiking the Milford Track. Kim and Ruby were great hosts and continued our trend of having great tour guides. The hiking was great, the lodging fit our needs perfectly, the meals were great with Ruby preparing great homemade goods. The only downside for us we had to leave 2 days early due to illness in the family back home. Active adventures were great to work with on getting us the information needed for travel insurance claims and arranged shipping luggage back to us we had left at our hotel in Christchurch. If you want a great adventure and you have the MIlford Track on your bucket list this is a must tour. Sam, Mineral Bluff / Georgia , 68yrs, United States
Our excellent adventure for the second half of the Kauri Trip 4.4 (1256) After spending 2 days on our own in Auckland this trip was a great start to exploring the North Island. FIrst Andy and Jo as our guides were spectacular. Andy's knowledge of the area is unsurpassed and Jo's preparation of the meals was excellent. Having a large amount of the meals prepared by the guides worked very well and made for a more intimate setting for the group without the wasted time at the restaurants. They also made stops at the liquor stores to secure the beer and wine for the dinners. The lodging was very comfortable and fit our needs perfectly. The hikes were spectacular and gave great views. One of the reasons we picked this tour was to do the Tongariro Crossing and we were not disappointed. Don't let the crowds deter you. Once you get past the parking lot you do not feel crowded on the hike. The weather for us turned out to be perfect. The glow worms turned out to be a great experience. Andy and Jo made everything work effortlessly which is what you want on a guided tour. You will not be disappointed on an Active Adventures trip. Sam, Mineral Bluff / Georgia , 68yrs, United States
Amazing 4.56 (1149) This is a review for the Condor trip in Patagonia, Chile. I have been wanting to do this trip for years and it definitely did not disappoint. As a solo traveler, booking with Active Adventures was the right decision. The trip was well organized. Lodging, meals, and transportation were pre-arranged and exceeded my expectations. Our group leader Gustavo was excellent and made sure all of our needs were taken care of. Andrea was our local guide during the W-trek, and her energy and bright personality kept us motivated even during the more difficult aspects of the hike. Words are inadequate to describe the majesty of Torres del Paine. It is something that must be experienced first hand, before human driven forces forever change this beautiful landscape. I would say that it is an once in a lifetime experience...however, I plan on returning. :) Robin, / Minnesota , 35yrs, United States
