Wheels On The Bus Go Round and Round. 4.54 (4384) Although I was the youngest by at least 25 years, I had an amazing two weeks getting acquainted with my travel partners and exploring the South Island. Our guides, MJ and James were simply amazing; each had their own sense of humor and different areas of expertise. I love the variety of places we stayed at, the amount of activities available, and the flexibility of our schedule. I was pleasantly surprised by the number of healthy and home cooked meals we were able to share as a group. Definitely recommend doing the overnight hike, well worth the effort. Morica, Lakeland / Florida , 28yrs, United States
Get Ready for an Incredible Adventure! 4.72 (378) There is so much to see and do on the south island of New Zealand, and this trip really gives you a broad experience. Prepare to hike through rain forests, see glaciers up close, do some wine-tasting, walk among the tree tops, kayak in a lagoon, and cruise through Milford Sound. Plus, you'll experience the beauty of the New Zealand scenery and view the diversity of its wildlife first hand. This is the journey of a lifetime! Tony, Plainfield / Indiana , 64yrs, United States
Rimu 2019 - expelled my expectations 4.54 (4384) This was a trip of a lifetime. Words don‘t do justice. You have to experience it. I felt in very good hands with Active Aventures the minute I showed interest in the Rimu Trip. So very well organized. The Tour simply was amazing. Everyday exceeded the previous one. And the food OMG , spoiled rotten. Both Mel and Claire our tour guides were simply amazing. Very attentive, told us a lot of stories about the country and the locals and took care of us very well. Will not be my last trip with Active Adventure for sure! Elke, Quincy / Massachusetts , 45yrs, United States
Limited time to explore the North Island? Active's 5 day Kauri trip has you covered! 4.4 (1256) If you only have 5 days to explore New Zealand's North Island, this is the way to do it! Great balance of scenic highlights, Maori culture, adventures that push you outside your comfort zone, relaxing evenings, and always with a swimming hole in reach to beat the heat. Our guides were fantastic- knowledgeable, supportive, and quickly became like family. Would highly recommend this trip with Active! Jenna, Kitchener / Ontario , 31yrs, Canada
Great vacation! 4.59 (1979) We had a really nice time on this vacation. The hikes were challenging and led us in to some very remote places of New Zealand. Day 3 of our trip in to the Siberian Valley and up to Lake Crucible was my favorite day. The scenery was breathtaking and the hike was perfect. Nadia, Sullivan / Wisconsin , 42yrs, United States
Tui Trip 8 Days March 2019 4.59 (1979) This was our first time to New Zealand and our first "active adventure" type of trip, and will not be our last, on either front. Our experience with Active Adventures from start to finish was wonderful. You will truly enjoy this trip if you are looking for something to experience all New Zealand has to offer in a short time. Keven, Sullivan / Wisconsin , 42yrs, United States
Not Just a Trip But an Experience! 4.4 (1256) The Kauri trip with Active Adventures New Zealand is truly a dream trip for people who like to experience a country in an active way. This itinerary is designed to take you not only to the touristy places everyone knows about, but also those places only a native New Zealander would think of. The guides are excellent and encourage you to step out of your comfort zone, showing you new ways to explore their world with a joy and a zest that is infectious. During our tour we hiked to unexpected heights, sandboarded down dunes into a bay, mountain-biked in a forest, and kayaked near a nature preserve, just to mention a few of the memories I'll take away. Our guides even prepared some fabulous Kiwi meals for us! Can't imagine experiencing New Zealand any another way now that we've done it through Active Adventures. Tony, Plainfield / Indiana , 64yrs, United States
Kauri Trip 4.4 (1256) My husband and I did the full 11 day trip with Josh and Annika. We had a small group of seven which was perfect. I was outside my comfort zone a few times, but our guides and trip mates provided the encouragement I needed. I thoroughly enjoyed the introduction to the Maori culture, especially Josh's Maori tales. Annika was an awesome cook, whipping up delicious picnics and evening meals. One thing is for sure--you will never go hungry on and Active Adventures trip!! The behind the scenes work was flawless. As far as we knew, food magically appeared and the bus never ran out of gas!! We were blessed with wonderful weather until Cyclone Oma made its appearance, but Josh and Annika provided alternate hikes that kept us dry (for the most part) and happy. Debbie, Plainfield / Indiana , 62yrs, United States
Rimu New Zealand 4.54 (4384) Fantastic guides showed us the best of the south island...couldn't have had a better trip! Renee, Saint Louis / Missouri , 64yrs, United States
Trip of a lifetime! 4.56 (1149) I’d been planning to do this trip for the last 5 years and finally, I did it! Indeed, a trip of a lifetime! I had never seen such magnificent sceneries in my life, to mention: “lakebows”, gorgeous sunrises, incredible cloud formations and indescribable vistas and landscapes. Describing it alone won’t do it justice. One has to simply come here and see it for him/herself! This is the only and first ever trip where I get to do everything from trekking, hiking, ice hiking, biking and eating! It’s a high-impact and physically active and demanding kind of trip. If this trip is not in your bucket list yet, you better do it now or else, you’ll be missing out in the best adventure ever! Michelle, Pasadena / California , 44yrs, United States
We Did It All! 4.4 (1256) Our retirement trip to New Zealand was planned two years in advance with Active Adventures. We did the North Island K and South Island with one day in between. It was an ambitious schedule which we were so glad we did. Gregory and Claire really made the trip special for us. Gregory was a fountain of knowledge (especially about the kiwi bird) just ask him. He and Claire kept our attention on the long drives with amusing stories. They also played music in conjunction with the activity we were about to do. For example the folk song about Gumboots. (They were surprised we knew the Scottish Welly Song) They always made us feel we could do all the activities - hiking Mt. Te Aroha, Rainbow Mountain, the Tongariro Crossing (our favorite) cave tubing at Waitomo Caves, and mountain biking in Whakarewarewa Forest. We talked them into taking us to a Zorb Waterball Ride in Rotorua which we really think should be included on this trip for everyone. It was that fun! Our meal prepared by Claire and Gregory were spectacular. On New Year's Eve we had a special evening watching fireworks off the Lake Rotorua. Each night we played games (which I brought) and everyone bonded over a little competition. Our highlights that we will remember from this trip are our New Zealand Guides Gregory and Claire. I hope they remember us as much as we will remember them! Judy, La Crescent / Minnesota , 64yrs, United States
Nothing short of Paradise! 4.56 (1149) The Active Adventures “Condor” trip was a trip like no other! The dynamic landscape and itinerary allowed us to experience so many unique opportunities in Patagonia!!! The itinerary took us all over Patagonia leaving us breathless from the magnificent views of lakes, mountains, glaciers, plains, forests and everything in between!! It was an intense trip and I’d tend to rate it on the more difficult side than moderate side. It challenges your mind and your body! So many rewards come along the journey! This was a very demanding trek and I feel it’s important to properly prepare for it to enjoy it to its fullest! The accommodations and food were excellent and everyone involved in ensuring our trip was a success were nothing short of friendly, knowledgeable and very well organized! I would definitely recommend Active Adventures for your future adventure planning. Thank you for this magnificent adventure!! Nena, Castleton / Ontario , 50yrs, Canada
Patagonia Condor Trip Was Excellent! 4.56 (1149) The Patagonia Condor trip did not disappoint! The scenery was outstanding, and the hiking trails were generally very good. We learned a new hiking term ("Patagonia flat") and we learned what wind can be. The W-hike refugios were better than expected - showers, restaurants, bars - definitely "glam" backpacking! At the Gray Glacier, the kayak trip and the walk on the glacier were amazing, and we enjoyed the lovely touch of tea and cookies in the boats and on the ice. The hiking in the Fitz Roy area was also fabulous, and we were thrilled to have a clear view of Monte Fitz Roy on our final day. We learned even more about wind here! Our head guide Gustavo was excellent but we found all our guides were professional, knowledgeable, and did a great job at keeping us on track in our activities. Joan, Windermere / British Columbia , 64yrs, Canada
Bucket list trip 4.59 (1979) It is difficult to express how much I loved this trip. Hiking New Zealand! What could be better. Our guides were professional yet a lot of fun. The food was healthy and delicious. Our group got along well and encouraged one another in their efforts. The views of the mountains and waterfalls were breathtaking. I would do this again in a minute. Thanks, Active Adventure for an amazing trip. Ann, Springfield / Illinois , 72yrs, United States
Condor with GustavoM...Feb 24, 2019 4.56 (1149) Excellent trip with great guides. Gustavo is a star and guided in a relaxed and enjoyable manner. The local guides were excellent as well! Couldn't have hoped for better weather. Dwight, Prather / California , 63yrs, United States
Amazing Trip 4.56 (1149) We loved our Condor trip. We are active travelers and were adequately challenged. The scenery, the hikes, the the trails...all exceptional and we feel blessed to have had the opportunity to see this part of the world. It feels like a secret....what a privilege to visit it! The towns and experiences were all authentic. We loved the W trek--even opted to stay in a tent one night, which was fantastic, despite a rain/wind storm. The Glacier trek was an unexpected highlight, and we loved our days hiking around Mt. Fitz Roy and being based in El Chalten. Such a cool little town. Meeting people from all over (on our trip, all Americans or Canadians) was a highlight and our Guides were each outstanding. I'm already thinking about what might be our next trip.... Leslie, Snyder / New York , 59yrs, United States
Second to none! 4.54 (4384) I will risk over using using the phrase "it was a trip of a lifetime", but I don't think I can think of a better description! I have joked with friends saying that I think all of my future vacations are now ruined. The time in New Zealand with Active Adventures was truly second to none. Our guides were pepper and Hailey. Once again, I can't imagine having better guides equipped with the perfect personalities and abilities to manage a bunch of traveling strangers. Everyone in the group quickly grew to appreciate them and marvel at their hard work and attention to detail. Their patience was also impressive just by the pure volume of questions that we had, many of which I am sure they have had before. How could anyone not get attached to such delightful women and feel like you had made some great new friends!? No one can control the weather but each day was ideal including a couple of damp ones. The views and New Zealand attractions were jaw dropping and even the guides were saying they had never seen some of the views before because the conditions were so ideal. I love to be physically challenged. I was excited that there was no shortage of technical hikes to challenge even the most experienced but they were mixed together with less demanding hikes that were no less beautiful, that allowed for some recovery. There are so many things every single day that was so memorable I will be reflecting on them for a long time to come. So, thank you Active Adventures for a job well done!!! Everything from your guides to the locations and accommodations all the way down to the food! Thank you for creating such a special page in my memory book! If it works out, I would definitely choose you again for another adventure. Jerry, Greenville / South Carolina , 57yrs, United States
Awesome - the best trip ever! 4.54 (4384) Well... from the time Pepper and Hailey picked us up we were in excellent care - and totally not aware of what was waiting for us! The beautiful South Island is just there waiting to be enjoyed, but it was Pepper and Hailey that made the trip really extra-ordinary! They are a dynamic team together! We enjoyed incredible meals sprinkled with great conversation and always entertained by Pepper and Hailey's vibrant personalities! They were so fun and engaging! What was my favorite part of the Rimu Trip? Everyday! Ha! :) I did love everyday - there were no bad days! And in my opinion, every day was indeed PERFECT! (well except on the 1st day at the Braemer Station when I messed up the coffee! That is story that should be shared from Pepper's point of view!!) A memory maker for sure was when we were on our way into Milford Sound. It had rained most of the day as we hiked Kepler and Routeburn Tracks, and I did not realize what a gift this was going to be for us as we drove through the Homer-Tunnel and then emerged into daylight to witness these spectacular waterfalls flowing everywhere!! Pepper had cued up some beautiful-emotional music that crescendo-ed just as we hit daylight and the sight of those waterfalls! An amazing memory that could not be captured on film but will be etched in my memory and heart for a life-time!! It was a thrill that left me silent as we made the drive down to the shores of Milford Sound. Stunning. Our weather turned from rain to sunshine and we enjoyed a hike to Roberts Point with a beautiful view of Franz Josef Glacier. It was the first time that Pepper had a sunny day to do this hike and see the glacier too! So, you know it's a great day when the Active Adventure guide is taking pictures too! :) Pepper gifted us with Whittaker chocolate at the top of Roberts Point as well. A treat!! It is the little things that Pepper did every day that made what we were doing so, so special. Another highlight for me was the 3-day hike in Nelson Lakes. There were 3 firsts for me on this hike. The first time I went over-night back-packing as opposed to long day hikes and a stay in a nice hotel for the evening. The first time I carried a full backpack loaded down. :) The first time I slept out in a tent under the stars in the mountains. And even more special to be the mountains in NZ. My husband and I enjoyed witnessing the massive number of stars we could see in the night sky! A very special night. The hike from Saint Arnaud to Lakehead Hut - and then to Angelus Hut was a challenge and a thrill. The mountains and the streams were so beautiful making that steep climb to Angelus Hut. Once at Angelus Hut we enjoyed sitting on the deck and sharing stories and drinking hot tea. And I do believe our guides got some proper treatment with a shoulder massage for one and a foot massage for the other. (we were working hard to win their hearts as they had won ours!) We got up early to begin our last trek and another wonderful site to see the sunrise come over the mountains and cast its beautiful glow on the lake. The hike along Roberts Ridge was also stunning. I loved every part of this 3-day hike!! So, we as a group all loved Pepper and Hailey and told them often that they were having 5-star days! It only seemed logical that we would be their favorite group! Right!? We asked several times - and although they hid their true feelings well, we did all receive Active Adventure hats at our last dinner! So, we must have been their favorites! right!? Thank you to the marketing team for that gift. I wore mine home! Saying good-bye was hard. Who would have thought that we would fall so in love with New Zealand and our Active Adventure guides! But we did. A very sad good-bye as we watched the van pull away. As you can tell my heart was touched deeply by this trip, so thank you to all of you behind the scenes as well. You do all things with excellence! Pepper and Hailey do all things with excellence!! Please know that. New Zealand, Active Adventures, Pepper and Hailey captured my heart - that is the bottom line for me. Thank you again for this EPIC trip! and I can only hope that I will return one day and do another trip. KC, Greenville / South Carolina , 62yrs, United States
Unforgettable Honeymoon 4.59 (1979) Our Tui trip was the best decision we could have made for a honeymoon! Our guides, Elder and Nick, went above and beyond to ensure we were all having a wonderful time. We can't choose just one favorite part of our trip. Jo, Wooland Hills / California , 28yrs, United States
Galapagos meets all requirements for amazing! 4.56 (1458) Wow! This trip brought me to a world of nature I could not have imagined even with all the reading and research possible to do beforehand. Zambo, our guide, was able to bring us to islands and waters that can only be seen to appreciate. The lovely hotels we were able to stay at on four different islands gave us a hands on experience I don't think we would have had if on a cruise ship. Our small group of seven became close and enjoyed all the experiences together. It was an amazing trip. Bob, St. Cloud / Minnesota , 67yrs, United States
The Most Amazing Place on Earth! 4.56 (1458) We have been to some wonderful places on earth but these islands are beyond belief! We loved the fact that this trip was land based which allowed us to spend all of our time actually on the islands or on the waters around the islands with all the beauty and all of the creatures. The wonderful travel between the islands allowed us to see places we could never have seen otherwise. This was our third Active Adventure trip and it met all of our expectations and exceeded them! Our guide, Zambo, was incredibly knowledgeable and his stories about growing up on Galapagos were so much fun to listen too. We would actually like to go again! Cindy, St. Cloud / Minnesota , 66yrs, United States
Amazing 2 weeks! 4.56 (1149) This was my second trip with Active and I can't say enough about how wonderful both experiences were. Active thought about every small detail, which allowed me to just enjoy the experience without having to worry about planning at all. Cem was a great guide! He was super knowledgeable and friendly and he kept the group laughing. Patagonia is seriously beautiful and I would recommend using Active if you want to truly enjoy the experience care free! Jackie, Bayonne / New Jersey , 34yrs, United States
Beautiful Scenery, Excellent Hiking, and Wonderful People! 4.56 (1149) The Condor trip was amazing! Each day presented us with a new landscape and they were all spectacular! The hikes were challenging but not back-breaking. All of the lodging was quite nice as well. The refugios on the W-trek were better than anticipated and offered our group a great opportunity to bond. What really made the trip was all of the people that we met. The Active staff from the office will answer any question you have no matter how minor; Amy from the travel agency had great recommendations; Cem was a fantastic guide throughout the trip and really brought our group together with his sense of humor; Victor and Phillipe were great W-trek guides and supported our group when a few of us were not feeling well; Juan from El Chalten was also great and we loved hearing his stories about climbing Fitz Roy; and finally Rafael from Hotel Patagonia Queen in El Calafate was amazing and provided a 5 star hospitality experience! All in all it was an awesome trip and I look forward to my next Active Adventure! Mike, Bayonne / New Jersey , 34yrs, United States
Bert V Rimu 18 Feb - Mar 3 4.54 (4384) I took a leap of faith based on TripAdvisor and other online reviews (and was otherwise blind to how it would turn out) and it was everything it was advertised to be. I would have never known how to get to all the places that were visited. The guides were well organized and energetic, and you could tell that the accomodations were well thought out. Bert, Las Cruces / New Mexico , 61yrs, United States
