Tapir Trip 2019 4.23 (286) I want to thank our guide, Mauro, for leading us through an extraordinary experience of activities exploring high mountains and the Amazon basin. Bob, St. Cloud / Minnesota , 67yrs, United States
The Trip of Extremes, Highlands and Lowlands 4.23 (286) I loved this trip! I had been to Ecuador before and wanted to see it more thoroughly and this trip did that for me and my husband. The extreme altitude differences that we experienced showed us parts of EC that we didn't know existed! We experienced everything so personally as we we rode the horses from the gorgeous Hacienda Porvenir way up in the highlands and rode in the motorized canoe on the Napo River lowlands to stay in the Amazon Rainforest lodge. Our guide Mauro was amazing as we traveled the many miles between our adventures. His experience and knowledge created an environment of safety and awe. We appreciated so much Mauro's skill in flexibility as we made adjustments for the weather and various areas of interest. We were able to always enjoy the local cuisine in incredibly interesting settings such as the local town restaurant surrounded by monkeys to home made meals from the family operating the Sasha Sisa jungle lodge. This was our second Active Adventure trip, having done the Rimu in New Zealand last year, and we were not surprised by the challenging waterfalls hike through the cascading water. There is no other hike quite like this one! We also were very impressed with the local specialist guides we met alone the way as we biked and climbed. Thank you Mauro and thank you Active Adventures for this opportunity! Cindy, St. Cloud / Minnesota , 66yrs, United States
Memories that will stand the test 4.56 (1149) I think the Patagonia trip was fun and exciting. We had such a great time! Nancy, New Milford / Connecticut , 59yrs, United States
Patagonia the Ultimate Hiking Experience 4.56 (1149) My wife and I expected a great experience. What we got was a lifetime experience that started a new chapter in our lives. The guide Jay was more of a life instructor. This trip will test you physically and sometimes mentally so Jays professionalism and attention to your needs was vital for this to come off well. We loved Claudio and Javier on the W Trek which again requires people that can educate, motivate and care for your needs. Truly terrific people. I can see us doing another trip with Active Adventures! Paul, New Milford / Connecticut , 62yrs, United States
Wow 4.56 (1458) My sister and I celebrated our 60th birthdays in Galapagos February 8-18, 2019, organized through Active Adventures and a local touring company, Galakiwi. Our active, land based "Tortuga" tour consisted of a group of just seven people and our awesome guide, a Level 3 naturalist, Galapagos native with a degree in Biology, "Zambo." (We also had an assistant guide on each island as well as a Captain and first mate of the brand new, really nice boat which was ours for the week.) Every person we met on each of the four islands we visited clearly enjoyed Zambo as much as we did, and our small group was greeted and treated like welcomed visitors everywhere we went. Thanks to Zambo, a steward of his beloved homeland, we all understand and respect the beauty of this perfectly balanced place on Earth. Most days, he was with us at least twelve hours a day, biking, hiking, kayaking, swimming, boating, snorkeling, eating, and teaching us about everything we did or saw or ate. He is an amazing teacher and didn't leave a detail untouched. Zambo made us feel safe even when we were out of our "comfort zones," surprised us over and over again with his wealth of knowledge, and never disappointed when it came to food! Every restaurant, every inn, every picnic, every snack was homemade, healthy, and memorable! Will we ever forget our warm chicken and rice picnic near the rim of a volcano in the rain? Or the yummy traditional soup before every lunch and dinner? Or the freshly squeezed fruit juice? Or the catch of the day? Or the fresh fruit on the boat after a snorkel? And the homemade dessert twice a day... Being land based, we enjoyed the islands' friendly, gracious people much more than had we been on a boat tour. (Did you know there is NO crime in the Galapagos?!) Our accommodations were second to none, considering the remoteness of the islands, and were just another example of every detail that was carefully planned and executed by Active Adventures, Galakiwi, and, of course, Zambo and his assistants. Even on Floreana, the least inhabited island of the archipelago, we had ocean-front rooms in a simple but special place, Hotel Wittmer. We were fortunate to meet the inn owners, who have owned the inn for generations, and purchase a fabulous book written by Margret Wittmer about life on Floreana (which is the basis for The Galapagos Affair, a documentary on NetFlix). I even had homemade cake made by the Wittmers on my 60th! I brought home pounds of fantastic coffee beans from a farm we visited, crazy-good chocolate from another local family, and some gorgeous, locally made art. But the most important souvenir I brought back to Vermont is a greater respect for our planet and its inhabitants. Experiencing the untouched beauty of the islands' heavenly fauna and flora was life changing. The symbiotic relationship of all living things in Galapagos is simply out of this world. Gracias por un viaje de tu vida! Jeanne, Stowe / Vermont , 61yrs, United States
Active Adventures Guides The Best! 4.72 (378) I cannot tell you how wonderful Ruby and Ellie were as our guides on our adventure. They had never worked together before but made an unbelievable team: great fun, very knowledgeable, lots of Maiori stories, very attentive to everyone's needs. Ruby was a wonderful cook and I think we all gained weight. The trip itinerary went without a hitch; we covered so much ground! And of course New Zealand was absolutely wonderful; the country and the people. It was a wonderful trip, but much more so because of our wonderful Active Adventures guides. Mo, Denver / Colorado , 76yrs, United States
Galapagos, Tortuga, 2019 4.56 (1458) This truly is a special place. I remember being in the water at the beach in Puerto Villamil and thinking that that was the best beach in the world. Sea lions and penguins swimming all around me. Boobies and pelicans diving right beside me. Warm water, white sand and very few people. Just fantastic! Steve, Toronto / Ontario , 57yrs, Canada
Galapagos Tortuga, Feb 2019 4.56 (1458) What a fantastic trip! Everything that was promised was delivered. All the transfers took place without a hitch and all the people involved were fantastic. From Lenny in Quito to Zambo on the islands and all the others who helped in various ways from hauling luggage to driving the boat, they were all top notch. I knew that there would be wildlife but I didn't expect to have to watch where I was walking for fear of stepping on a lizard! We even got a pod of dolphins on our first boat transfer between the islands. I fell in love with the sea lions. So many babies, too. The food was always plentiful and tasty and several of the meals were downright great. My only complaint is the air was too hot and the water too cool, but that is my personal issue. Didn't stop me from learning how to snorkel. I didn't even freak out when we saw sharks right below us. Kate, Toronto / Ontario , 60yrs, Canada
Sweet As 4.59 (1979) Just wanted to say thank you for putting together such an amazing adventure. I'm sure we all took home memories that will last for a lifetime. Dan, Orlando / Florida , 42yrs, United States
Kathmandu - Lukla - Namche Bazaar & back 4.78 (58) Not much to say besides: "It was an excellent trip". We did the trip with our kids (10&12) and as it is with kids, it can be challenging. Due to various reasons, we had to change the hiking agenda a few times. Those changes then affected the duration of daily hikes and subsequently accommodation and other logistics involved. Even on very short term notices, Arjun & Elder managed all of those situations perfectly. We had a nice tea house every evening and both are not only very good tour guides, they're also very entertaining. The kids loved playing all sorts of games & cards with them. For anyone with kids, I strongly recommend such a trip as we made it. What a great experience. Arjun & Elder, they did a fantastic job! Thomas, 380 Hiram's Highway / Sai Kung , 52yrs, Hong Kong
It was an amazing trip - I would do it again 4.78 (58) We started in Kathmandu. The hotel is nice but the city itself is very dusty. Our tour guides, Elder and Arjun were really great. They gave us a lot of information and made sure the trip was enjoyable. We had good luck with the weather. It was always sunny and relatively warm.The hike itself was a bit challenging for kids but it was doable and I enjoyed it a lot. All the tea houses we stayed at were really nice, they had great food and people were friendly. At night it got very cold but the provided sleeping bags were cosy and warm. Ana, 380 Hiram's Highway / Sai Kung , 14yrs, Hong Kong
Great Trip 4.78 (58) The tour guides were very nice and fun to talk to. I also liked the porters. The hiking was amazing as were the views. I discovered new food on the trip - Dhal Bat and veggie momo. Nico, 380 Hiram's Highway / Sai Kung , 12yrs, Hong Kong
Amazing Trip 4.78 (58) I was a bit nervous going on the trip because we were leaving earlier in the year than normal and taking our two kids (10 and 12) with us. It would probably be very cold and the hiking was supposed to be very strenuous because of the altitude. But I shouldn't have worried! The weather was great, altitude didn't matter much cause we were going slow and our tour guides Elder and Arjun were amazing! They took real good care of us. In Kathmandu they prepared us for the things to come as they did every morning during the trip. We used the provided sleeping bags (never had sleeping bags so warm), as well as the down jackets (I never saw anything like these in the shops) and the hiking poles. In Kathmandu we did some sightseeing, but honestly, that part could easily be skipped. It's not a pretty city. The hotel was an oasis in an otherwise dirty and noisy place. Once in Lukla, the hiking part of the trip started. We were so lucky with the weather! Clear blue skies and good temperatures - around 0 degrees Celsius at night. While on the go, we changed the itinerary a bit because many places were still closed. We ended up staying in Namche Bazar for 3 nights because the teahouses in the other places were going to be too cold. From there, we did some excursions. The most amazing part was a helicopter ride to Everest Base Camp, Kala Pattar and camp1/2. Elder and Arjun managed to arrange it for us. It was spectacular! We went back down towards Lukla one day early because it had started snowing and it was getting really cold. Elder and Arjun were very flexible and did everything they could to accommodate us. All in all, an unforgettable experience! Pirko, 380 Hiram's Highway / Sai Kung , 56yrs, Hong Kong
Absolutely Amazing 4.45 (824) Koru and Emma worked so hard and made this such an amazing experience. I didn't want it to end - will definitely be back for more!! Jill, Seattle / Washington , 44yrs, United States
Absolutely Spectacular 4.56 (1149) The Condor trip was absolutely amazing and the organisation of the entire trip was flawless. Cahit the guide was so personable and ensured everyone was looked after so we could just enjoy the trip which we all did. The scenery and the food was fantastic. To top it off we were very lucky we had great weather most of the time and experienced the wild winds which added to the experience. Thank you Active for such an amazing trip. Phan, Melbourne / Victoria , 40yrs, Australia
BEST TRIP EVER! 4.5 (349) It's hard to describe the recent Weka trip we took with Active Adventures. Nick B and Elder were not only accomplished guides who not only looked after our every detail of our 14 days in the South Island of N, but were genuinely friendly, hospitable and accommodating to every request. Importantly, Nick and Elder were always concerned with our safety and comfort. Michael, Ashland / Oregon , 70yrs, United States
Guides Make All The Difference! 4.54 (4384) From the moment you are picked up, the hospitality and attention to detail by the guides and Active Adventures will blow you away! Every aspect of Rimu was thoughtful and maximized my experience in New Zealand and I couldn't be more thankful. This trip was the perfect combination of great food, great hikes and even better guides. Who knew you could eat cheesecake on top of a mountain? I would come back in a heartbeat! Thanks Simon and Ruby! Nick, Georgetown / Ontario , 25yrs, Canada
Epic Adventure 4.54 (4384) Great way to see the South Island, from Nelson Lake National Park to Milford Sound, back country hiking, sea kayaking and mountain biking. Jean, Calgary / Alberta , 69yrs, Canada
The Trip of a Lifetime! 4.56 (1149) We had the time of our lives on the Condor trip with Active Adventures! Patagonia is absolutely amazing, and the views combined with our excellent guide made it the trip of a lifetime. We thought the layout of the 14 days was perfect, and felt like we got an authentic Patagonian experience. We are recommending this trip to all of our friends! Ally, Vancouver / British Columbia , 28yrs, Canada
Love the Lakes District 4.39 (46) Had a great time in the Lakes District of Argentina / Chile. Pamela, Maplewood / Minnesota , 64yrs, United States
Fabulous Way to Discover the South Island 4.59 (1979) I loved the Tui trip high level of diversity in activities, landscapes and locations. It was a great way to discover the nature and culture of NZ. The guides were great and the flexibility allowed each of us to find the best rhythm. So much fun and beauty!! Claire, Belmont / California , 55yrs, United States
Patagonia 2019 4.56 (1149) I spent an excellent and adventurous two weeks with Active Adventures in Patagonia this "summer". Our little troupe was guided up and down the sides of mountains, kayaked amongst icebergs, and had a wonderful time. Our Chilean guides could not have been friendlier, and the food and accommodations were always reasonable and occasionally spectacular. By the time our group wrapped up our tour in Argentina, we were ready to go home with a lifetime's worth of new memories. Stefan, Sherwood Park / Alberta , 48yrs, Canada
Triumphant Tui 4.59 (1979) Our Tui trip was truly an incredible adventure. From one spectacular vista to another, the southern island offers an abundance of natural beauty to delight in. We also enjoyed the variety of activities involved from hiking, biking, kayaking to swimming in ice cold glacier filled pools with cascading waterfalls. Our guides were very energetic and full of enthusiasm. Our accommodations ranged from the elegant to the unique and quaint. The meals and snacks provided, and in some cases prepared by our guide with limited resources, were excellent . All in all, a wonderful experience with many fond memories to last a lifetime. Tim, Wauconda / Illinois , 67yrs, United States
Amazing Trip!! 4.59 (1979) What a fabulous week in New Zealand! It was the trip of a lifetime. Our guides were amazing and made everything so easy and fun. I would highly recommend this trip to anyone! Tanya, Lake Zurich / Illinois , 39yrs, United States
