Jaguar Trip - December 2018 4.5 (2035) This trip was fantastic! The group size - 5 - was perfect in that allowed for individual attention and yet meet great people as well. The guides - Wilson and Johan - were wonderful and really made for a good experience. This was my first trip with Active Adventures and I will definitely travel with them again. I am a seasoned traveler and Active Adventures was among one of the best tour groups I have used. Beth, Olney / Maryland , 47yrs, United States
Christmas Like a Kiwi 4.54 (4384) This is a fantastic trip, Dani and Ruby were excellent guides. They took great care to ensure we were comfortable, well informed about the country, well fed, and got as much activity as we wanted. We had fantastic weather the whole trip and was able to spend a lovely Christmas day in Queenstown. Grace, Dallas / Texas , 58yrs, United States
Rain, Green, Water, Grey, Cloudy, Sunny 4.54 (4384) At every turn in the road, and there were many, another surprise awaited. Whether a magnificent new vista, a rare bird, a splendid trail, or another story of the Maori People and their proud heritage, there was never a dull moment. The weather provided everything it had, but all in manageable doses. The rain came early in the trip but it assured us of more lush grass, and tumbling waterfalls. When the rain ended, the sun came out. Not too hot, not too cold, just providing light to another remarkable mountain. The clouds were the best anywhere. Changing in mood and speed, they danced with the sun and wind, turning to firey flames for hours as the sunset. Our guides were knowledgable, cheerful, and bent on everyone's enjoyment of a country they are justifiably proud to live in. Our group quickly merged into a team of comrades, quick with a joke, or pint, or encouragement on a tough hike. Michael, Winters / California , 74yrs, United States
Best Experience Ever! 4.59 (1979) I didn't know it was possible to pack so much fun in such a small amount of time. Active Adventures surpassed my expectations of what could be accomplished in 8 days. How can you beat hiking, biking, jet boating, and flying amongst the most amazing and secluded scenery New Zealand has to offer? I am so glad I got to experience New Zealand as opposed to just seeing it. Our guides, Hailey and Ruby, were great. I felt safe and looked after the whole time. They took care of everything. On day one, I was asked about my food requirements. Bonus! They catered to my dietary needs. I came to this trip as a single traveler and felt right at home with my fellow adventure seeking enthusiasts. Thanks an awesome adventure! Amy, Columbus / Ohio , 52yrs, United States
Great Trip, Great Guides 4.4 (1256) The Kauri trip was well organized and well thought out. We saw a good part of the north island and had many fun adventures. Our guides Jo and Andy were the best. Andy is very informative on New Zealand history and Jo is a great cook. Sarah, Larkspur / Colorado , 61yrs, United States
December 2018 4.56 (1149) Life is all about experiences and the Condor trip validates that philosophy. There are two distinct memories that we will cherish forever. First would be the overwhelming natural beauty of Patagonia – Torres Del Paine & Monte Fitz Roy . Second is the Guides. They are exceptional and genuinely love what they do. It shows in their interaction with people and nature. They go above and beyond and take care of every little detail to make it easy on you both mentally and physically. Their warmth and hospitality will win you over and that is something that will remain forever in our memories. One tip to future hikers is to make sure they are physically fit to endure the “Patagonian Flats” , this is not a relaxing vacation. It makes you work hard and rewards you with sights of jaw dropping natural beauty. Satyaki, / Michigan , 43yrs, United States
Everyone Needs a Little Zeal! 4.54 (4384) The guides with Active Adventures, New Zealand lead you through the heart and soul of New Zealand. Every day we were introduced to outstanding scenery, challenging but do-able hikes, bike rides, and kayaking. Food was thoughtfully prepared or provided, and needs were always anticipated. But this trip was beyond the basics of good food and good scenery. The vitality, the kick-ass, can-do, always smiling, leaders reminded us and re-introduced us to the art of having fun. I am grateful for the experience and will forever translate their Zealand spirit in my day to day living. This trip was more than a vacation, more than a sightseeing trip. In the beauty of nature and in the beauty of the leaders, sharing their honest selves, I re-acquainted myself with myself and things that I hold value and I will always be grateful. Tricia, Atlanta, Georgia Tricia, peachtree city / Georgia , 59yrs, United States
Patagonia Condor 4.56 (1149) Everything was incredible - couldn't have been more perfect! Jay, Birmingham / Alabama , 61yrs, United States
Peru 10 Day JAGUAR 4.5 (2035) Highly recommend this tour and our guide, Eric! The guide book and packing list, provided by Active Adventures, were perfect tools to prepare. Cusco and and the 4 day trek on the Inca trail were great. The camping experience was way better than I had expected!!! The porters are such hard workers and made sure our tents were all set before we arrived to each campsite. We had a chef who made delicious meals. A very clean toliet set up for us to use. After Machu Picchu, we went to the Amazon. It was hot and moist. Seeing wild animals and having drinks at the bar were great! I would just would recommend having fans in the rooms. Overall, fantastic experience! We already plan to book a tour in Patagonia with Active Adventures! Zuly, Las Vegas / Nevada , 44yrs, United States
Machu Picchu Baby 4.5 (2035) We feel lucky to have discovered Active Adventures as our Jaguar trip was outstanding. We have prior done some pretty adventurous trips, many self booked/arranged, and were looking for a true complete package and Active Adventures absolutely impressed. The pre-trip material was high quality and ensured we were prepared. We were extremely impressed with the accomodations, to include the camp setup made possible by the superb porters (fresh popcorn and camp seats at midday hike breaks!) and a ready campsite with dining tent, table and chairs *and* a toilet tent! Our guide, Erick, was quite personable, extremely knowledgeable, and made certain everything was in order (amazing meals at restaurants in Cusco, porters, permits, campsites, etc). The only downside to the trip was the heat and humidity in the jungle (we knew it was summer, but coming from Cusco it was a bear) that we couldn’t escape due to the lodge not having air conditioning or even room fans (power via generator only during limited hours), though seeing the wild animals was pretty neat. Add to it all our travel buddies, on our same tour, are amazing people who we are already talking with about touring Patagonia together! Lee, Las Vegas / Nevada , 42yrs, United States
It Just Keeps Getting Better! 4.56 (1149) This is our second trip with Active Adventures and we're already considering a third. Can't say enough about how well the trips come together. The guides are very personable, professional and organized. The trips, while very active, provide just the right level of activity and recuperation time to make the adventures very enjoyable. Layne, Boise / Idaho , 62yrs, United States
Fantastic Way to See Patagonia 4.56 (1149) My husband thoroughly enjoyed The Condor trip we took with Active Adventures-South America. This is our 2nd AA trip (first was The Jaguar) and we still highly recommend traveling with them. We were both rapidly approaching 61 when we made the trip and were hopeful that we would be able to complete all the activities. We did just fine but there were some challenging portions that made us very glad that we had worked out as much as we did prior to the trip. The trip was well organized and we not only saw beautiful sights and learned a lot of history, we enjoyed getting to know our fantastic guides. Cahit was a fantastic leader and we loved his stories and great sense of humor. He was energetic and intelligent and made everything enjoyable! Anna (W Trek guide) was also great and did a fantastic job of explaining the geography of the area. She was tons of fun and her coffee got us going each morning!!! Local guides Juan, Luis and Maya (?) we also wonderful. The hikes are tough but the sights at the end of each day are SO worth the effort! Erin, Boise / Idaho , 62yrs, United States
Active Adventures New Zealand RIMU 4.54 (4384) We had the best vacation ever! The scenery, activities, food, and our guides were exceptional. From hiking in Nelson Lakes, to kayaking in Milford Sound, to heli hiking on the Franz Joseph glacier, to hiking to Sealy Tarn, and staying at Braemar Station with magnificent views of Mount Cook - every day brought another awe inspiring appreciation of New Zealand. Sheryl, Langhorne / Pennsylvania , 55yrs, United States
Beyond Amazing Mont Blanc! 4.73 (164) This trip was our second time with Active Adventures. The tour du Mont Blanc is one of the most scenic places on earth to hike. Views were spectaculars in all three countries (France, Switzerland and Italy) visited during the tour. Our guides, Jean-Marc, Karinne and Andy, were all great, available, helpful and making sure all of us were enjoying the activities either hiking, biking or kayaking. In a nut shelf, a great trip and wonderful experience. Claire, Manotick / Ontario , 67yrs, Canada
EBC Trek 10/1/2018 4.74 (266) So glad we chose Active Adventures for the trek to Everest Base Camp. Their guides and porters are the best. Our health and well being was their primary concern. They are very knowledgeable about the geography, history, and culture so we learned a lot along the way. We stayed at the best tea houses and always had en-suite bathrooms where available...a total luxury. Everything was planned in advance so we never had to wait for meals or at tea stops during the trek. The group was small so we had a lot of personalized attention. Pre and post trek we were taken to the best restaurants ever! The food was fantastic! Loved our guides, Kim and Gokul! I would not hesitate to recommend Active Adventures (and have), for the best possible experience. Slue, Orangevale / California , 63yrs, United States
My Fifth Active Trip 4.56 (1149) This was my fifth trip with Active and they just keep getting better! Everything ran smoothly (as always) and we could not have had a better time. The weather was perfect and the group was great! I can't wait for my next trip with Active! Mike, Greenport / New York , 45yrs, United States
An Amazing Trip 4.59 (1979) My husband and I enjoyed the trip enormously. The guides were terrific - both Kelsey and Simon were attentive and encouraging, kind and sympathetic when the hills became too steep and the sandflies too aggressive. We met lovely people, with whom we’d love to stay in touch. Elena, / Alabama , 68yrs, United States
Outdoor Mindbending 4.59 (1979) Unparalleled scenic views, experiences, adventures, all in the hands of fit, fun, funny guides. Hard to top this. Mark, / Montana , 69yrs, United States
A Breathtaking, Memorable, and Fun Adventure! 4.54 (4384) Words alone cannot describe the amazing experience that was provided from this tour! Trang, Folsom / California , 50yrs, United States
Best Choice We Could Have Made 4.4 (1256) This was our first tour with AA, and we are so glad we made the choice to see New Zealand this way. Our guides were so knowledgeable, explaining wildlife, flora, and the cultural significance of so many things. It was great being able to go on vacation and not have to worry about anything. They took wonderful care of us and even gave us a little surprise on our anniversary. Amy, Windsor / Ontario , 35yrs, Canada
Tui Trip, November, 2018 4.59 (1979) First of all, New Zealand is a beautiful country that must be seen and experienced. Couple that with awesome guides and a great itinerary and you get a fantastic trip. Lots of time just being a passenger the first couple of days. But we did do short hikes to break up the hours. However, the scenery is wonderful so the hours went by fast. The weather was quite variable. I think we saw all seasons on our trip. But it was spring at the time so that was expected , and also forewarned by Active Adventures. Probably good to have some hiking experience. The Crucible Lake hike (Day 3?) is listed as about a 4 mile hike with about a 2000 ft elevation gain. However, the first two miles is down the valley, so it's all flat. Then, about a 900 ft elevation gain in about 3/4 mile, pretty much hand over hand on tree roots, and branches grabbing here, then a steady climb to the lake. We also crossed streams a few times that were a couple of times nearly as deep as our knees. Lots of hours in soggy boots. I suppose you could insist on changing into Tevas. But we cross enough streams that I think changing footwear that many times would add too much time to the hike. Just have dry socks and sandals ready for the end of the day. However, Crucible Lake is worth the effort. Once we got past the steep bit the sight of the glacier carved valley and the rock formation that buttressed Crucible Lake are sights to behold. The lake was mostly frozen when we got to it. That was pretty cool. We were fortunate that this day was sunny then overcast and cool. Perfect for the flight in (which was spectacular) and the hike. I also highly recommend the helicopter option to Franz Joseph Glacier. Definitely the easiest walk all week. We spent a lot of time just standing around since the contracted guides were doing all the work cutting steps. But the experience of the being on the glacier is hard to explain. We're glad we did. Milford sound is stunning. Lives up to the billing for sure. Hike up to Key summit (Day 6 or 7) is one of those hikes with a lot of "bang for the buck". Not a difficult hike on a great trail but the views are amazing. We opted not to do the optional hike on Day 5, the day off at Queenstown. It was pouring down rain that day, anyway. (That's my excuse). But we went wine tasting instead. Lots of stuff to do at this cute resort town anyway. I'd give Kaleb, Lauren, and Emma, our guides, 10 stars out of 5. They were just wonderful. They were knowledgeable, very friendly, very accommodating, and just really nice people. They worked their butts off. They also had great leadership and group management skills. It was like herding cats at times during our adventures, I'm sure. The contracted guides for the glacier tour and sea kayak paddle were also great. We were also lucky to be in a group that had really good chemistry too. Wonderful scenery, awesome guides, great traveling companions. Wonderful trip !!! Rene, Edmonds / Washington , 61yrs, United States
Magical Islands and Knowledgeable Guide 4.56 (1458) Pepo really brought the life and history of the Galapagos to life for us. From the history of the early settlers and pirates to the conservation efforts to protect this unique ecosystem, he knew and imparted it all. The trip was a great balance of activity and a chance to relax and explore. Great food, comfortable accommodations and active days left me ready for more the next day. Peg, Port Saint Lucie / Florida , 65yrs, United States
Annapurna Sanctuary 4.62 (279) It has been my life long dream to see an 8000 meter peak, so being a recent retiree, I decided now was the time. The trip was equal parts fascinating cultural experience and gorgeous scenery. Trekking during the Dashain festival added extra interest and intrigue. The schedule and pace worked very well and was challenging at times. The trip guidance on conditioning was spot on and I felt prepared and grateful to have followed the advice. I am not sure what I expected but the food was an enjoyable pleasant surprise. Elder and Arjun along with the porters were an experienced capable team determined to maximize the experience of all of us. With Elder and Arjun handling logistics and planning, the porters worked incredibly hard caring for the trekkers and behind the scenes at meal times. This was my second Active Adventures trip and both were of the highest quality experience. The fellow trekkers were also great and added to the experience. The only bummer was the clouds filled in and visibility was poor by the time we got to Annapurna Sanctuary. The good thing is that there is other spectacular scenery and views of Machapuchare and Annapurna South. We were able to see the top of Annapurna 1 from just below Machapuchare base camp. You can't go wrong with this trip. Richard, Hilliard / Ohio , 68yrs, United States
A Bit of NYC in the Himalayas 4.78 (58) If you're looking for a peaceful, serene surrounding this is not the trip for you. The trails were filled with hundreds of people trekking from both directions, many herds of pack animals along with human mules, and considerable congestion at times. You will want your dust mask handy which will also protect your face from the wind, sun and cold. The trekking was different in that many of the trails were composed of irregular stones and I'm not sure how I would have done without my hiking poles - they are a must! Even at 13,000ft, you can find an Irish pub, a Swedish bakery, and Italian coffee...we have totally transformed the mountain economy and they completely cater to the Western appetite for material things, including western toilets, as well as food. The villages, communities and city of Namche were physically stunning from their use of rocks and stones and it was a beauty i had not ever seen in a third world country before. That was the mountains...The city of Kathmandu, however, was a dirt pit with narrow streets that had to accommodate hundreds of humans walking in both directions, cars and motorcycles in both directions, and very little room to safely walk from one place to the next. The hotel AA booked in Kathmandu is a paradise in the middle of all the chaos and a delightful place to stay. The guesthouses in the mountains were simple but adequate. Be prepared to share a bathroom with the group which will happen a few times on the trip and know that your hands will always be in your pocket to pay for internet, charging your phone or tablet, toilet paper, soap...the little but necessary things. Flexibility is the name of the game on this trip - if your plane is unable to leave Lukla due to weather, be prepared to pay $400 for helicopter service which should be reimbursed by your travel insurance company. It sounds awful, doesn't it, but it wasn't - the guides were great, the people in my group were fun, the culture was very different and the scenery was lovely. Would I go back?...no. Would I recommend this trip to a friend?...no. It was nothing like I envisioned yet, after all is said and done, I'm glad I went. Rita, Mckinleyville / California , 65yrs, United States
