2018 Rimu Trip - Solo Traveler 4.54 (4384) This was my second trip with Active Adventures, the first being the “Jaguar” in Peru in 2017, and once again they did not disappoint!! By far the best two weeks I could have spent for my first trip to New Zealand! Our tour guides, Kaleb and Pepper, were fun, outgoing, knowledgeable, and were able to accommodate all travelers in our group. I had such a blast meeting other solo travelers like myself, as well as hiking, biking, kayaking, and exploring all of the beauty that is the South Island. Already planning my next Active Adventures trip in 2019 :) Kevin, Dover / New Hampshire , 33yrs, United States
Tui Trip 4.59 (1979) FABULOUS GUIDES: Lauren and Caleb were funny, informative, polite,encouraging and very accommodating. I wouldn’t have made it to the Summit on the final day without Lauren’s encouragement and patience. To help me achieve that, she even carried my backpack for the last part of the hike ACCOMADATIONS: Each location that we stayed at had very cozy and quaint accomadations. FOOD:The food was fantastic. Not only did our guides prep, cook and serve each guest, they took each guest’ dietary needs into consideration. ACTIVITIES: We wanted adventure and boy, ACTIVE ADVENTURES DELIVERED! I’ve never had a vacation that included such a variety of thrilling activities to experience in a short amount of time. The trip to New Zealand not only took my breath away, it stole my heart! Terri, San Antonio / Texas , 57yrs, United States
From the Andes to the Amazon 4.5 (2035) Terrific trip from start to finish. Knowledgeable guides, terrific food and accommodations, challenging hikes and glorious scenery. Peru is a beautiful country. I would recommend the Jaguar trip to everyone. Anne, Timberlea / Nova Scotia , 60yrs, Canada
Incredible Trip 4.5 (2035) I had an absolute blast trekking through Peru with our group and guide leader. The Jaguar Trip with Active South America did not disappoint! From our time in Cuzco, hiking the Sacsayhuaman fortress, biking through the Sacred Valley and hiking the Pisac ruins, our Lares Inca 3-day hike through the Andes Mountains, visiting Machu Picchu and also the Amazon Jungle - this trip had it all. Our guide was very knowledgeable about the area, local culture and history of Peru and the Incas and he made our trip very safe and enjoyable. I would recommend this trip to anyone looking to challenge themselves with the Incan hike and experience the culture and beauty that Peru has to offer. Truly amazing! Alain, Bathurst / New Brunswick , 30yrs, Canada
A Trip Over 20 Years in the Making! 4.74 (266) I honestly don't even know where to start. It was a dream of mine to see Everest in person ever since seeing the IMAX documentary as a young kid. Life had a way of catching up with me and for a long time I never thought it would come to fruition. Finally, in late 2017, I realized it was time to make a move and committed to dropping the deposit with Active Adventures. Instantly, my excitement spiked and at no point in the process was I disappointed. Active Adventures' office staff, and later the guides Kim and Gokul, made every aspect of the trip enjoyable beyond expectations. Kim and Gokul were always there to help, answer questions, and support us along the trek and it was reassuring that we had knowledgeable and capable guides to help us to EBC. I have zero regrets and would readily recommend Active Adventures to anyone interested in their treks. I witnessed the level of service that other trekkers experienced while on the same trip with different companies and it doesn't compare with what you receive through Active. From the time I landed in Kathmandu, until the day I left, I knew that everything would be taken care of and I was free to just enjoy the views, experience, and company! I undoubtedly will use them again for future trips! Joe, Colorado Springs / Colorado , 39yrs, United States
Words Can't Express the Awesomeness of this Trip! 4.63 (491) I joined the group in Christchurch for the 10 day option, from the get go this trip was amazing. Not only were my fellow travel companions a blast to be with, the scenery breath taking, our guides Koru and Carrie were outstanding. The level of hospitality, attention to detail, local knowledge, and friendliness was amazing. It was awe inspiring to witness how hard Koru and Carrie worked to ensure every detail of our trip went smoothly. Carrie was an outstanding cook! I expected to eat simple camp meals, but Carrie outdid herself with hot nutritious food for every meal. We also couldn't have asked for better weather, we had blue skies nearly everyday of the trip! We got an impromptu lay day during our stint in the Copland Track from the deluge of rain the area received. Despite this, Carrie and I still ventured out and got to witness the grandeur of the track and brave the less than perfect weather. Soaking in the the hot springs after getting soaked from the rain made it worth it. Whether it was a short hike, the Copland track, kayaking in Milford Sound or eating at local spots this trip exceeded all expectations. I'm already looking forward to doing another trip. Stephen, Seattle / Washington , 34yrs, United States
Amazing Adventure 4.59 (1979) I had such a great time on the Tui trip with Kelsey and Claire! There is no way I would've been able to see or do everything we did on my own on the South Island without the Active Adventures itinerary. Everything was so organized and the most efficient use of our time. Kelsey and Claire were amazing guides. They got to know each of us in the group and made sure we were able to see and do everything we wanted! This trip went above and beyond my expectations, and it's something I will never forget! :) Tessa, victoria / British Columbia , 33yrs, Canada
Couldn’t Ask for More 4.5 (2035) The trip was amazing. Every little detail was taken care of. Our guide was great and worked with the group in a way that everyone got what they wanted/needed out of the trip. I really can’t say enough about the Lares trail and the support along the way. The food was almost as incredible as the views. The schedule was perfect. Machu Picchu was everything that we expected and our time in the jungle was great. I highly recommend the Jaguar trip. Dave, Monument / Colorado , 62yrs, United States
Exceeded Expectations! 4.56 (1458) Outstanding trip from start to finish. Booking, organization, travel arrangements, logistics, lodgings, excursions, meals... all handled flawlessly. Our guide, Pepo, was so impressive. Superb knowledge of all things Galapagos - marine life, flora & fauna, geography, geology, history and culture. His personality, sense of humor and patience with all of us was wonderful. The snorkeling, scuba, hiking & kayaking were all very nice, and Carlos (dive guide) was great too. Meals were all very good and arranged expertly. Sea Lions and tortoises were ubiquitous (like pigeons in Chicago...they are everywhere). Blue footed boobies; great frigate birds exhibiting their trademark 'inflated red bellies', iguanas galore...just a few of the highlights. We are big fans of Active Adventures (and now Galakiwi) having now experienced this as well as New Zealand's South island in 2017, and we'll likely be back for more! Thanks for a great experience! Hans, Sarasota / Florida , 66yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime 4.5 (2035) Everything was wonderful...the biking, the Lares Trail hike and the jungle. The food was amazing! Erick was the best guide and made sure everyone’s needs were met. Pam, Sheridan / Wyoming , 67yrs, United States
Not Sure How We'll Top This Trip 4.5 (2035) This truly was the trip of a lifetime. My wife set it up for my 50th birthday and I could not be happier. Our Guide Erick, was the best, and Johann (our Inca Trail Guide from Quechua Treks, Peru) guided us on the Inca Trail. Both I consider friends now and hope we keep in touch. I've wanted to see Machu Picchu since I was a boy, so I was really looking forward to the trip. What I did not know was Machu Picchu was not the highlight of the trip. I'd have to say the Inca Trail was, with Lake Titicaca second, and the Jungle third, although the last two could be switched up a bit. Peru has so much to offer, I know that now but did not then. I love the people, the culture, and the scenery. I could go on for days but suffice to say, we have thought long and hard about a trip to top this one, spending hours and days on it, and thus far have come up empty. While Peru was exciting, adventurous, and wondrous at the same time, I truly feel Active Adventures made the trip the best it could be. I don't see how it could have been any better. Active Adventures was so good we are looking to plan our next adventure through them. We are not wealthy people and I initially considered the trip very expensive, but after going on it I feel it was money very well spent and would do it again without hesitation. Mark, Nobleboro / Maine , 52yrs, United States
Winter Rimu 4.63 (491) This trip was simply amazing. Being able to explore the South Island of New Zealand with someone catering to you made it that much more enjoyable. I didn’t have to plan out meals, where I should go or anything! I loved having a local guide show me New Zealand. I highly recommend Active Adventures. Alyssa, Midland / Texas , 28yrs, United States
Amazing Trip 4.63 (491) My wife and I decided to come to New Zealand because we love hiking and mountains, and it was at the top of both of our bucket lists. We were able to get the time off to do the trip right (17 days) and made it into a 5 year wedding anniversary present to ourselves. We originally planned to do everything ourselves, but quickly got overwhelmed by the amount of work that was going to take. We searched for guided trips, and were thrilled to find Active Adventures because of the overnight backpacking portions of the trip. Everything on the trip worked out great! Koru (our guide) was amazing! As a Maori, he had unparalleled knowledge of the land, customs, and beliefs of the people of New Zealand. It was very obvious that he loves his country, and loves to share it with like-minded travelers. I asked him about ten thousand questions throughout the trip, and he had an answer for pretty much every one. The hiking was amazing, the people friendly, and the time well enjoyed. My wife and I will definitely be back to Active Adventures for another trip somewhere else in the world! John, Roanoke / Virginia , 36yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime! 4.76 (29) This was the trip of a lifetime. We walked from Jomsom to Lo Manthang, and beyond, over 100 miles in 12 days. Each day presented new challenges: high passes up to 13,500ft, and long stretches of "Nepali flat" undulations. During the long days, I felt myself getting stronger each day, until the two 14 mile days were easily taken in stride. I learned so much about Tibetan Buddhism and about this hidden and unspoiled region of Nepal. I will never forget our guides, the Nepali team, and the team of hearty guests. I highly recommend this trek to all who seek adventure. Susan, San Francisco / California , 69yrs, United States
Amazing Journey of Discovery 4.5 (2035) I loved, loved, LOVED this trip! I've always considered myself a "close to the ground" traveler - though the sights may be spectacular, I go to experience the culture and meet the people. To that end, I have equated spending less, to avoiding chain hotels and Americanized food. I chose this trip for 4 reasons: 1) Level of activity and adventure (experiences), 2) It was all inclusive, 3) I wanted to travel with a small group, and 4) Active Adventures has excellent customer ratings. I was NOT disappointed, in any way. We stayed in very nice (much better than my usual), locally owned and managed hotels. We ate delicious local food. I met the local people, and learned about the culture. Every day was filled with discovery, excitement, and activity. I was never bored AND I was never stressed. Someone else - one of the my fabulous guides - always took care of all the details. Gustavo, our primary guide was fabulous! His charm and sense of humor are natural and delightful. He seemed to anticipate our needs, before we did. We were family (in a really good way). A truly amazing guy. Puma, my Inca Trail guide was incredibly experienced and knowledgeable. He is a wealth of information about Peru, the people, the history, and Incan religion, culture, and architecture. I learned so much from him and enjoyed countless hours of conversation. As someone who has limited knowledge of other languages, I was absolutely amazed at the fluency of our guides. Both Gustavo and Puma had superb English. Of course, their Spanish was flawless as well. In the case of Puma, who's native tongue is Quechua, I was dealing with a true multilingual. It was quite a kick to offer up a new word or slang phrase. He took pleasure equal to mine in learning something new. Although I didn't take this trip anticipating that it would be "the trip of a lifetime", it truly was. Many thanks for an amazing experience! Roni, Sun City West / Arizona , 66yrs, United States
Beautiful Dolomiti 4.73 (69) This tour of the Dolomites was awesome. Our guides Mike and Ivan were great and catered the hikes to suit our level of fitness. The Dolomites were spectacular and staying in the refugios was so lovely. The food was plentiful and delicious. Loved every moment. Min, Preston / Victoria , 52yrs, Australia
Everyone Should See This Place. 4.73 (69) The Dolomites are an amazing place to hike. The landscape is extraordinary and being amongst it has been an awesome experience. Mike and Ivan are fabulous and knowledgeable guides. The trip notes and itinery are excellent and a bit of pre-trip training totally paid off. Mike is such a friendly and funny guy that kept us laughing throughout the trip. 10 out of 10 I would totally recommend this trip. Bron, Preston / Victoria , 50yrs, Australia
Perfect Guides 4.4 (1256) A really great trip. Very well organised with really friendly and helpful guides, excellent food and a great sense of camaraderie. The scenery and culture was wonderful and the trip built nicely to a climax. Jack, Den Haag / , 36yrs, Netherlands
Kauri Adventures on the North Island 4.4 (1256) I recently came home from a truly amazing adventure. My sister, brother and I met up with two other travelers to be guided around the North Island. We were able to learn about the ancient Waipoua Forest and the Kauri trees, enjoy sandy beaches (complete with sand boarding!), hike beautiful trails, and meet wonderful people. We even had some detours that resulted in visiting the glow worm caves. Our guides, Maddi and Jackie were knowledgeable, experienced, and entertaining! The accommodations were lovely. If you are looking for a trip that takes you around the New Zealand countryside and coastlines, I highly recommend Active Adventures! Emily, Bellevue / Washington , 38yrs, United States
Lovely Winter Adventure 4.4 (1256) Amazing trip! Our guides, Jackie and Maddie were knowledgeable, friendly, and very energetic. Every place we traveled to along the way was beautiful and memorable. I will never forget this trip. It was the amazing way to see a good part of the North Island. Kristen, Bellevue / Washington , 39yrs, United States
Discovering the North Island 4.4 (1256) My family's trip was everything it promised to be... plus more! Jackie and Maddi were excellent tour guides, and made us feel so welcome in New Zealand. If you are looking for an adventure that will educate you about New Zealand's past... both historically and geographically - this is the journey for you! Greg, Oakdale / Pennsylvania , 35yrs, United States
Lares Trek!!! 4.5 (2035) Peru was an amazingly beautiful country full of kind people! Our trip leader, Daniel, went above and beyond to make our trip special as he had to work around strikes closing roads and unseasonable weather. His knowledge of the cultural sites was as exceptional as the views along the Lares Trek and at Machu Picchu! Matt, GLENVIEW / Illinois , 34yrs, United States
Best Trip....EVER 4.59 (36) No regrets. Not one bad thing to say. Jo and Andrea, our guides, were the best. They worked so well together. They were funny, encouraging, flexible. We were fortunate in only having five hikers. What a treat. If there were occasions you doubted your capabilities, Jo and or Andrea were there to help you through. The meals, (remember it’s pronounced Eataly) were outstanding. Accommodation was very good. Small local hotels were utilized. My experience was so good, I am now seriously considering Mt. Blanc or the Dolomites next year. Thank you Active Adventures. Christine, Callander / Ontario , 68yrs, Canada
A Place Everyone Should See 4.73 (69) Weeks later we still are talking about the trip. Roderick, / Florida , 58yrs, United States
