Met My Expectations - One of the Most Beautiful Places 4.73 (69) My 2nd trip with Active was incredible. I loved the mountains, hikes, and food. If you love to hike, this is a trip for you. Rhonda, / Florida , 56yrs, United States
Sweet As!!! 4.63 (491) Simply put the Winter Rimu was a trip of a lifetime. The scenery was spectacular as was the awesome group of people with amazing leaders, D.K. & Elder. Matt, GLENVIEW / Illinois , 34yrs, United States
2018 Winter Rimu with Dan K and Elder 4.63 (491) This truly was the trip of a lifetime, largely due to the expert knowledge and camaraderie of DK and Elder, along with an amazing group of fellow travelers. Marc, Redondo Beach / California , 50yrs, United States
Bucket List Dream 4.52 (111) I loved this trip! Not only did I get to celebrate my 36th anniversary at Machu Picchu, I fell in love with Peru. What a great place and the sites we hiked and visited were spectacular. The second half of the trip to the Galapagos Islands was fantastic. I got to scuba dive and saw a bunch of hammerhead sharks. The guides were all very nice and polite. Thank you. Mary, Danville / Indiana , 61yrs, United States
Iguana go back! 4.52 (111) My wife and I celebrated our 36th wedding anniversary on the June Iguana trip with Erick in Peru and Pepo in the Galapagos Islands. From the very beginning of the trip, Active Adventures made the trip easy and exciting. The website was very easy to navigate and gave us lots of information. Once we landed, in Cusco, Active Adventures and Erick had everything set up. Erick was a fantastic guide with a ton of information. As a high school social studies teacher, I really appreciate the thorough history and cultural education our group received during our adventures around the area. Celebrating our anniversary day at Machu Pichu was the icing on the cake. The accommodations very clean and comfortable. The activities were vigorous but not daunting. The hikes, bike ride, train rides were perfect and our group had a great time. But the adventure was not over. Following an outstanding week in Peru it was on to the Galapagos and our guide Pepo. He was just as knowledgeable about the islands and the people as Erick was in Peru. Galakiwi helped us in many aspects of this phase of our adventure. The sea kayaking, the highlands, the snorkeling and scuba diving all were top notch. Seeing hammerhead sharks by everybody in the group just added to the trip. Once again the accommodations and the food were first class. Mary and I are already thinking about our next Active Adventure. Thanks again! Mike, Danville / Indiana , 62yrs, United States
Tortoises, Turtles, Iguanas...What a Trip! 4.56 (1458) This is our 3rd trip with Active - previously we have travelled to Peru and New Zealand - and again LOVED it. From the moment we arrived in Quito to our last day there, we were treated as honorable guests participating in an amazing adventure in South America. Well done Active. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to anyone who wants to hike, swim, kayak and most importantly see the beautiful fauna and flora in this relatively remote space of our planet - the Galapagos. Roys, Whitefish Bay / Wisconsin , 55yrs, United States
Amazing Galapagos! 4.56 (1458) This was our third trip with Active Adventures (we have also completed Active Trips in Peru and New Zealand), and like the others, this one was completely amazing! As usual, everything in the trip was well planned and executed. Our guide, Zambo, was knowledgeable, organized, and unfailingly optimistic, taking any bumps (rainy weather, our lack of snorkeling experience) absolutely in stride. The Galapagos Tortuga trip has a very nice variety of activities, including kayaking, snorkeling, hiking, biking, and visits to conservation areas, so you are never bored. Since this was a concern for me, I will add that I am 53 years old, exercise 30-60 min per day at home, and I made the trip without a problem – although if you want even more exercise, the opportunity is certainly there. This trip is particularly amazing because it stays on the islands and not on boats. This both supports the local people and helps you get to know the culture. No other way to do it, in my opinion! Another amazing active adventure! Libby, Whitefish Bay / Wisconsin , 55yrs, United States
Unforgettable 4.5 (2035) The entire Jaguar trip was really fun — learning our way around Cusco, visiting Sacsayhuaman and the Sacred Valley, and seeing a bit of Amazonia. But the highlight for my husband and me was hiking the Inca trail. We had heard from friends that it was an adventure not to be missed, and we were not disappointed. It’s incredibly beautiful and a wonderful learning experience. And is always the case on guided group trips, your fellow travelers, as well as the guide, are a big factor in how much fun you have. We were lucky on both counts. Our guide on the trail, Wilson, was the best! He was incredibly knowledgeable about Inca history and culture, as well as the flora, and brought humor to every occasion. And our fellow hikers were great. Because we saw and learned so much much about the Inca civilization on the trail, arriving at Machu Picchu didn’t feel so much like the high point of the hike but rather one more beautiful and interesting stop. The weather cooperated with just a few spritzes of rain, although we heard that a group that hiked the trail a week before us had rain for 3 days! We had no problems with altitude sickness, and it probably helped that we arrived 1-1/2 days ahead of the official trip start. We were in reasonably good shape and found the trail challenging but definitely within our ability. Mostly it takes perseverance. We enjoyed visiting the Amazon region and seeing creatures that we’ve never seen in person before. But it was very hot (not surprisingly) and despite drinking lots of water, I suffered from heat exhaustion the first day. We were pretty inexperienced in traveling to non-English speaking countries, but it didn’t take long before we felt right at home. With our smattering of Spanish (and I’m talking single words, not phrases or sentences), we were able to get around just fine, as most of the locals we encountered spoke at least enough English for us to communicate. And when they didn’t, I used my trusty Lonely Planet Spanish phrase book. We felt totally safe in Cusco and Lima, following basic common sense rules. This was our second Active Adventures trip, and as before, they were totally organized and professional and managed to keep things moving along smoothly, even when our original guide for the overall trip fell ill a few days in and had to be replaced with another guide. The food was delicious (even on the trail). We actually connected 3 Active Adventures trips for our South America visit, and will definitely travel with them again, perhaps to Patagonia next time. Ann, Seattle / Washington , 66yrs, United States
Exploring Peru! 4.5 (2035) What an adventure! We had an amazing trip led by our fearless leader Gustavo. We had a great crew helping us and we felt very well cared for the entire time...and very safe! I would highly recommend this trip to anyone who asks. Kristina, Helena / Montana , 32yrs, United States
Couldn't Have Been Better! 4.54 (4384) The 'Rimu' trip was a great way to see the range of different terrain of the South Island without having to worry about logistics like driving and finding trailheads on my own! With great fall weather and wonderful new hiking buddies, this was an unforgettable adventure! On top of that, my guides were so much fun and had lots of history and stories to share along the way. Couldn't have had a better trip with Active Adventures. Hannah, Lexington / Massachusetts , 29yrs, United States
Pleasant Surprise 4.54 (4384) We had been planning a trip to New Zealand for several years. We looked at renting a camper and driving around to all the beautiful sites on our own...we are so glad we didn’t. Going with a small group with knowledgeable guides was a great decision. Everyday we had new and exciting experiences. Somehow each day was better than the previous one. The real advantage of going with guides who know the country is you get to experience off the beaten path sites that you would never find on your own. Every day we were told what time breakfast started and what our itinerary for the day was. No worrying about driving, where to stop for meals, and where to stay for the night. Another pleasant surprise was how much the group added to the overall experience. Highlights for us: the multi-day kayaking was fantastic, Milford Sound was awe inspiring, the night time hike to see the glow worms felt like being at camp (for adults), and the beauty of the West Coast beaches will stay with us for a really long time. We are already planning our next Active Adventure trip. Tina, Parker / Colorado , 51yrs, United States
Experiencing New Zealand's Finest 4.54 (4384) What a great trip we had! Every day we felt like living beings inside nature’s paintings. Many Thanks to our wonderful guides Carrie & Koru, who showed us the most spectacular sites of New Zealand’s South Island. Walter, Reno / Nevada , 63yrs, United States
Rimu New Zealand 4.54 (4384) What an amazing way to visit New Zealand. Lot's of driving but well worth it and was able to see most of the South Island. Hiking was amazing as well as the kayaking at Milford Sound. The guides, Carrie and Koru were both amazing and very patient with all of us. Places that we stayed were all very nice and the weather we had was amazing! Brigitte, El Paso / Texas , 59yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime! 4.72 (378) After completing the 11 day Kauri trip on the North Island and having a week on our own, we met our group for the 14 day Kiwi tour of the South Island. It was a much larger group with diverse personalities and physical abilities. Once again we were blessed with two excellent guides who love what they do. We had a much larger group on this trip and Koru and Emma made sure that everyone's needs were met (and there were many!). Koru's knowledge about the Mauri culture and New Zealand was astounding. He was also aware of any limitations among the group and made sure that we made the best of every adventure we were doing. Emma was a great guide and super organizer in making arrangements for the day and in preparing meals for all of us and those with special dietary requirements. I don't know how she does it! The meals they prepared were always delicious. The bus was comfortable and once again we always had a plentiful supply of fresh fruits and snacks and water available for us. There was a considerable amount of driving on this trip so it was important to be comfortable. Our schedule was well planned and when adjustments had to be made because of weather our guides were at the ready with other options for us to do. All the activities were designed to meet everyone's abilities and give a sense of gratification upon completion. The accommodations we stayed at were great with the exception of the Makarora Lodges which were just a lot more rustic than what we had been used to. For us, doing the Kiwi tour was the best way to see and learn about the South Island. Nancy, Minerva / New York , 72yrs, United States
So Much to Say Because the Trip was Beyond Great 4.5 (349) This was a trip I had begun dreaming about over forty years ago. The two weeks went so fast and were so much more than I had imagined. The scenery was spectacular: rain forests, mountains, pristine lakes, clear rivers, waterfalls, range land, rolling hills, farmland, the Tasman Sea! Just as your brochure explains but in person the scenery is so much more. Active Adventures deserves credit for making our two weeks such an awesome experience. Each day we were given a variety of choices so we could ride or hike as little or as much as we wanted and most of us rode! Then our outstanding guides, Nick and Elder had a few surprises along the way like Glow Worm Caves, Hokitika jade, real made-in-front-of-you fruit ice cream (from the fruit you pick), the Espresso Bomb trailor (NZ knows how to make great coffee!) and endless waterfalls! Since this is more of a bicycling tour it is not surprising my husband and I spent the weeks in a group of eleven equally enthusiastic bicyclists (with a wide range of skill levels and needs) being guided by Nick and Elder, extraordinarily talented cyclists, hikers, coaches and guides. Nick and Elder seemed to work round the clock making sure everything was perfect for all of us and much of our joy from this trip come from their unending efforts to make it the best for each of us. Nick kept us briefed on what was next, what the weather might be like (always carry an extra layer in NZ as it is so unpredictable!), and he made us all feel safe and relaxed as he drove the narrow roads in NZ. Thanks, Nick! Elder, as “tail-end Charlie” encouraged those of us who lagged behind often just wanting to stop and take more photos. Sometimes he aided by taking photos, giving us riding tips and other times he simply let us know we were doing fine and it was okay to go at a slower pace. For me this was critical as I have been involved in three separate accidents (two involving vehicles and one caused by another cyclist) and can become inexplicably anxious. Nick and Elder were both non-judgmental when I chose to ride in the van a few times. Other times I surprised myself (as well as them I think) by taking off and zooming ahead absorbed in the scenery. Nick and Elder, aka “brothers from different mothers” are terrific cooks (breakfast, lunch and dinner), wonderful guides to the local places (I’m drooling just thinking of the Arrowtown Bakery’s delicious pies), and wonderful about keeping our van stocked with fruit and nutritious bars as well as NZ treats (hokey pokey, pineapple lumps). They kept our van windows clean (so critical for great photos) and even fixed the noise (someone stored rocks in the overhead?). Elder and Nick helped identify what we were seeing, told us Maori tales, fed us information on NZ and answered our questions. There were also numerous books for us on NZ in the van. Nick even took the time to consult his grandfather on one question. We shared riddles and answered their quizzes. Elder brought in his own perspective as a native of Peru (where my husband had lived as a child) and a guide in Ecuador and Nepal. Our group really bonded and cheered for each other. Near the end of the trip we called the office to see about getting the entire group their own Weka bike jerseys and we were successful much to the amazement of Nick and Elder (who totally deserve a percentage of the sales). It is really due to their love of NZ, bicycling and people as well as the support of the entire Active Adventures staff that we all had such a great time and wanted the Weka jersey as a way to keep the memories of our trip alive. Thanks to the entire team at Active Adventures! Millie, Albuquerque / New Mexico , 65yrs, United States
Awesome 4.74 (266) This was an awesome trip. I enjoyed every second of it. Enjoyed the people around me, I made some new friends. Amanda and Gokul were great. I got the cough and cold in the beginning of my trek. Amanda and Gokul were on top of their game in making me feel better. The porters were just amazing people, they carried our overly weighted duffel bags without a second's complaint. Mae, Anchorage / Alaska , 35yrs, United States
