Tui Adventure 4.59 (1979) This trip was all I had hoped for and then some. I expected beautiful scenery and exciting activities, but I did not expect the personal touch from our guides. One of the group members mentioned chips and salsa... that night we had chips and salsa to go with our appetizers. They knew I love birds, so I was introduced to every bird possible - along with descriptions of the birds’ personalities and habits. There seemed to be no end to Dani and Emma’s knowledge about New Zealand and that made a huge impact on our trip! We all felt like family by the end of the week, and for a person traveling alone, that is a wonderful gift! Janet, Buda / Texas , 43yrs, United States
Better Than I Imagined! 4.56 (1149) Visiting Patagonia was a dream of mine, forever and this amazing trip was better than I could have possibly imagined! Everything was perfect and I can't wait to travel with Active Adventures again! Laura, Bedford / New Hampshire , 65yrs, United States
This Was an Awesome Adventure! 4.56 (1149) The Condor trip was absolutely wonderful. The combination of the itinerary and guides could not have been better. It is definitely at the top of all time best trips. I can't wait for the next trip which my wife is already investigating. Wayne, Bedford / New Hampshire , 67yrs, United States
Beautiful Scenery and Great Hikes 4.56 (1149) My husband has wanted to do this trip for several years. I hesitated as the Refugio stays were way out of my comfort zone. The whole trip was great, and even the Refugio’s were ok. Our guide Cynthia was just amazing - she knows what she’s doing, is prepared for everything, and was very encouraging. I really don’t know how she did it all! We were with a great group of people, and feel we have gained new friends that we hope to meet on another trail some day. Cathy, Odessa / Florida , 60yrs, United States
Patagonia at its Best 4.56 (1149) This was a fantastic trip which was well planned with quality places to stay, eat, and view the wonders of Patagonia. The guides were all excellent and knowledgeable making the trip super informative. Other activities such as kayaking, glacier hike, and mountain biking added to the exploration of a very unique and diverse environment. The transportation from locations was very comfortable. The Patagonia of Chile and Argentina was stunning and the organization by Active Adventures created the perfect experience. Donna, Bend / Oregon , 65yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime! 4.54 (4384) This was such an amazing trip! Our guides Ash and Astrid did a fantastic job. Everyday was met with amazing views and challenging activities like kayaking, biking and hiking. Two weeks felt like a month because we did so much in one day but there was still some down time to enjoy the beauty that is New Zealand. A must for anyone who wants to be active in New Zealand. Kilo, Burbank / California , 45yrs, United States
Another Memorable Trip with Active! 4.54 (4384) The Rimu trip was my 6th trip with Active Adventures and it again confirmed why I enjoy traveling with them. The trip was very well organized. The guides (local to New Zealand) were professional & FUN! We did so many activities that will forever be etched in my memory...kayaking Milford sound, hiking a section of the Routeburn Track, 3 day backpacking trip through Nelson Lakes. All amazing! Kristy, Burbank / California , 42yrs, United States
Guided Trips are the Way to Go! 4.59 (1979) I had been wanting to hike in New Zealand for some time, and finally had enough time off. Trying to figure out the hut system, what to see and how to get around seemed a bit overwhelming. Even moreso since I was traveling solo. Active looked to be a great way to travel without having to stress about the planning, travel, etc. Though I had never traveled like this before, I saw the places I wanted to travel to, and others I would have likely not have found alone. Everyone on the trip was pleasant and easy to talk to, friendly and, like me had a great time. Our guides, Katie and Astrid, really made the trip with their upbeat attitudes, informative revelations on everything we saw, continual answering to our sometimes badgering questions and always being ready to help out. Henry, Mandeville / Louisiana , 44yrs, United States
Memorable Experience ... Seasoned, Service-centric Guides 4.56 (1149) Fast-paced tour with good variety of activities. Enjoyed the lead & care of experienced Guides. We were truly blessed with great weather the whole trip! Vivian, San Carlos / California , 61yrs, United States
Weka - New Zealand 4.5 (349) Wow!! What a trip! This hiking & biking tour was breath-taking both figuratively and literally. Our guides made our adventure challenging, yet fun. They were knowledgeable, encouraging and you could tell they are truly passionate about what they do. This tour captured all the great highlights of New Zealand staying just off the beaten path so we could really experience the diverse beauty and savory tastes of the island. Our group enjoyed ourselves so much we are already discussing another Active Adventure trip in 2019. Thank you Active Adventures for a wonderful experience! Sue, Lomita / California , 57yrs, United States
Best Ever! 4.59 (1979) Trip of a Lifetime for sure! I’m still on a NZ High :-D)) Thanks to Nick B & Melissa for their knowlegde & Expertise experience, which made our trip successful & FUN! With their encouragement, I was able to challenge myself & push beyond what I thought my abilities were.......THANK YOU!!! Such a pleasure getting to know Nick & Mel, we were spoiled & enjoyed every minute of this adventure with them. Highly recommend Active Adventures NZ making dreams come TRUE! Wendy, Hamilton / Montana , 59yrs, United States
Tui Trip 4.59 (1979) As seasoned travelers we know what makes a great trip. Our guides Nick and Mel were over the top with all aspects of the trip. From the minute of our pickup to our improvised departure, through cyclone Gita we never missed a beat. Wouldn’t change a thing. A true trip of a life time. Kelly, Hamilton / Montana , 57yrs, United States
Challenging and Fun! 4.56 (1149) My trip to Argentina and Chile was more than I imagined it would be. I was in awe of the natural beauty of the areas we hiked in. However, the most important thing I take home with me is the personal relationships I formed with my group, especially my leader, and now friend, Mayra Callo. She was amazing. I am a "beginner hiker" so her patience and close attention on the harder treks was appreciated! She knew so much about the area and it was a pleasure learning about South America from her. In addition, her personality made all of us feel like family, with Mayra being the Mother :) She took great care of all of us. We all had so much fun together...it was sad to leave. Anyone who has any reservations about booking a trip should just do it! They won't be disappointed!! Tina, Lake Tahoe / California , 54yrs, United States
North Island Kauri 4.4 (1256) The North Island was an amazing adventure. We were kept busy hiking, biking snorkelling and kayaking, and our guides were very easy going and helpful in every way. We saw and experienced more of the Maori culture, the large Kauri trees (words cannot describe), and felt the love and appreciation of the Maori people for the land, birds and all living species. It was great to have them guide us through the kauri forests. The trip is spit in half in the middle with a day in Aukland, and the first half we had 12 in the group and the second half there were 13 (A lot) in our group. I prefer smaller groups. The scenery was amazing, Natalie and Jasmine were amazing as well. An AMAZING trip! Loved it! Colleen, Oshawa / Ontario , 57yrs, Canada
Rimu Was Extraordinary 4.54 (4384) We have been dreaming of visiting New Zealand for a long time, we wanted to see and explore all the best sites in an active way, but doing this on our own would have been overwhelming! Active Adventures was the complete answer. They took us to the best places, sites and beautiful landscapes that we could only have dreamed about. Our group was small which allowed us all to bond, our guides Astrid and Steve could not have been better - fun, knowledgeable, organized and excellent cooks. I got the sense they really enjoyed what they do! I would strongly recommend this tour - a trip of a lifetime that words can’t describe - we will never forget it. Colleen, Oshawa / Ontario , 57yrs, Canada
Wonderful Trip 4.72 (378) A wonderful experience....Koru and Lauren were fantastic guides and showed us the best New Zealand has to offer. From Maori history to present day sights the tour was constantly informative and inspirational. Although it was "guided" they gave plenty of freedom to hike at your own pace, take in the sights without feeling rushed and allowed ample time to take in all NZ has to offer. Brandi, Aberdeen / Maryland , 50yrs, United States
Condor 2018 4.56 (1149) This IS the trip of a lifetime! The itinerary is excellent, including the highlights of Patagonia and more! Trip logistics are well planned and expertly executed. Our guide, Arturo was one step ahead at all times and clearly has developed relationships with all hotels, refugios, restaurants and especially our local guides, creating incredible, seamless travel. The local guides, Cem (Jim) on the W Trek, Christian in El Chaltan, our drivers and specific activity guides were all excellent and willing to share their knowledge and love for their countries. This trip was FUN, Arturo is fun and all the new friends we met on our trip were fun!!! Cindy, Waterville / Maine , 63yrs, United States
Rimu—Feb., 2018 4.54 (4384) Could not have been happier with our guides, their level of preparation/organization and the stunning scenery of the South Island. Tom, Greensboro / North Carolina , 57yrs, United States
Tui 1/28-2/4/18 4.59 (1979) It was nice and a great pleasure to come to NZ. Office management and people were all so great! Thanks for all the wonderful memories! Alexander, / , 46yrs, Korea, Republic of [South]
South Island Rimu Trip 4.54 (4384) My South Island trip was outstanding, even with the cyclone that came ashore on the second day! The itinerary needed to be changed because of all the washed out roads to places that we were suppose to venture to. Our guides, Jackie and Carrie, came up with new plans that were great. A mark of a good company is when they can handle unexpected events, such as a cyclone, and still provide their guest with a trip of a life time. Thank you A.A. for a great and safe trip! Pete, Old Saybrook / Connecticut , 61yrs, United States
Melissa's Weka Adventure 4.5 (349) I knew from pictures taken by family that New Zealand is a beautiful place but the beauty is much deeper than the eye can see. Everyone we came in contact with was wonderful and I can't think of enough superlatives to describe our guides, Nick and Elder. The trip was above our expectations. The biking was varied and interesting and the hikes worth every step. The food was too good and we enjoyed the variation in accommodations. We would go back and do it again. Melissa, Richmond / Virginia , 59yrs, United States
Amazing! 4.5 (349) What a great trip! The scenery exceeded our already-high expectations! And the guides were so good (plus the fact that we would like to see New Zealand in the winter), we are already thinking about our next trip with Active Adventures! Ron, Richmond / Virginia , 59yrs, United States
Best Hiking in the World 4.56 (1149) The hikes were amazing. The guides were very knowledgeable. The views were incredible. Great restaurants in the small towns. Alan, Tujunga / California , 57yrs, United States
Absolutely AMAZING! 4.56 (1149) The Condor trip was definitely a trip of a lifetime! My husband and I loved every aspect of this amazing experience. We got to see scenery that was straight out of a magazine. The guides Cynthia and Gem were outstanding! I love them both! Our group of 14 was beyond my expectations. They were some of the best people I have ever met and feel enriched by this experience. Thank you Active Adventures! Blanca, Tujunga / California , 55yrs, United States
Manuka-February 2018 4.45 (824) This is our third Active Adventures trip and we have never been disappointed. Each trip has been a learning experience for us. The beautiful sights and people we have met along the way have made it a very worthwhile event that we will never forget. We enjoyed working with your professional team of staff and guides and hopefully one day we will return for another adventure. Thanks, Steve and Marilyn. Stephen, Bellingham / Washington , 72yrs, United States
Unforgettable Trip! 4.56 (1149) This was a marvellous, exciting and emotional trip for me! The group we shared it with got on so well - and were all so energetic, they made it all brilliant... our guides, the locals, the wildlife, the accommodation, the food, the wines it was all conducive to feeling spoilt - while you trecked hard during the day... a perfect Patagonia trek! Francia, Weetangera Canberra / Australian Capital Territory , 71yrs, Australia
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! 4.56 (1149) The Condor trip with our tour leader, Zac, was AWESOME! Our W guide, Cem, was also exceptional. The two of them kept us at a great pace and kept us laughing. You're on this trip for the scenery, and it was breath-taking. A great one word description of the landscape is "rugged". This tour provides a nice balance of longer hiking days and shorter hiking days with just truly stunning scenery including Torres del Paine, French Valley, Grey Glacier, Perito Morano glacier, and Fitz Roy. Definitely do the ice hiking! Sandy, Fairfax / Virginia , 53yrs, United States
Amazing South Island Rimu Trip!! 4.54 (4384) The diversity of what we saw and did on the Rimu trip was amazing!! Beautiful mountain and glacier views, our first sea kayak experience, the sub-tropical West Coast rain forests, caving to see glowworms, cycling the Hawea River Trail, and a challenging but very rewarding Angelus Circuit hike. We were fortunate to be with a wonderful group of people - a great team that encouraged each other throughout the trip. Our guides (Dani & Pepper) were outstanding, very positive, and full of energy. We were so impressed with Active Adventures that we will be hiking on their Mont Blanc tour this summer. Kevin, Seattle / Washington , 70yrs, United States
An Unbelievable Experience 4.54 (4384) The Rimu trip was beyond phenomenal! The sights we saw were breathtaking and the small group size allowed us all to bond and truly enjoy our time together exploring this magnificent country. Our guides were fantastic and provided lots of information and fun facts, along with a large amount of encouragement as we tackled some of our adventures! I'm still searching for words to describe just how great a trip it was! McKayla, Elkhorn / Nebraska , 29yrs, United States
Rimu Rocks! 4.54 (4384) The trip was awesome! I met a great bunch of fellow travelers and now have family in New Zealand in Jackie and Emma! I felt like we saw a lot of the South Island in 2 weeks. I loved my first experience in New Zealand and plan on coming back in 2020! Terry, Royal Oak / Michigan , 55yrs, United States
Trip of a Lifetime! 4.54 (4384) I am still basking in the glow from this remarkable trip! I admit that I was a bit nervous at first as I was the oldest person in our group and not as fit (for hiking) as some in the group, so I worried about 'keeping up' on the hikes - especially the steeper climbs. Ben and Lauren were very reassuring and encouraging and I felt that I was able to 'hold my own'. In fact, while the hiking was probably the most challenging I've done in at least 7 years, it was the most rewarding/exhilarating part for me. I loved our group - a very positive, health-conscious and fun group of people from all walks of life. It was also wonderful that we were only 12 people - it helped to create a much more intimate and personal atmosphere. I felt we bonded together well - again, thanks to Ben and Lauren's great skills with ice-breaking, fun games, and ability to set and maintain a positive atmosphere from the beginning. From the moment we set off from the airport to the emotional farewells back at the airport at the end of the trip, this was a top notch adventure. Our transportation was comfortable, our accommodations were always different and unique and very comfortable - I loved that they weren't all in your standard hotel and that some of them were really off the beaten track. The food was amazing - from the snack basket in the van, loaded fresh every day with fruit and other snacks, to the amazing meals that Lauren and Ben created and the breakfasts and dinners that we had at various restaurants - there was a lot of variety, special dietary considerations were accounted for and there was lots of it! I did the kayak option and it was outstanding. The B&B and our hosts were wonderful (the hot tub at the end of the day was most appealing!) and our kayak guide, Nick was terrific - very accommodating, skilled and he made it all very interesting and fun! I cannot say enough about our incredible guides - Ben and Lauren - they truly moved the bar for me from a great trip to one that will go down in history for me as the trip of a lifetime. They were so knowledgeable about the island - I loved listening to the legends/folklore and learning more about the vegetation, birds, etc. Ben was a terrific driver - I always felt safe. Lauren was terrific with her cooking and meal presentations - meals looked fantastic and tasted even better! Both Ben and Lauren added those special touches from decorating the bus for the Christmas season, organizing our Secret Santa, making a fantastic Christmas morning breakfast, complete with Christmas crackers and special hats, managing extra logistics like re-booking the paragliding for us, setting up the helicopter tour, taking the time and effort to help reconnect people with items they had left behind either in our accommodations or on a hike/kayak. They even had the perfect music for when we went through the Homer Tunnel and down into Milford Sound - the combination of the music and the scenery was so moving it had several of us in tears! They really ensured that they got to know each person and took a genuine interest in each person. Their positive energy and enthusiasm was infectious. They took kindness and customer service to a new level! The scenery was breathtaking everywhere we went. It would be hard for me to say what the favourite part was or favourite view as the South Island is simply spectacular. I felt that the trip was organized in such a way that I really got a good feel and appreciation for the South Island. Truly New Zealand is one of the most beautiful places (both 'inside and out') that I have ever visited (and I've visited over 20 other countries around the world). I really loved the more laid-back way of life and the local people we met were so welcoming and kind. I would love to come back again and see the North Island but also re-visit the South Island! I highly recommend this trip and have already suggested it to a number of my friends. It really was transformational for me on so many levels! My heartfelt thanks to Ben and Lauren and everyone at Active Adventures! Sue, St. Catharines / Ontario , 65yrs, Canada
Trip Review Condor 4.56 (1149) The Active Adventures "Condor" trip to Patagonia and the Argentinean Andes is a "must do" adventure if you enjoy hiking around glaciers, lakes and mountains. The views are spectacular. The quality of the guides is first rate on all elements of this trip. Ron, Black Mountain / Queensland , 75yrs, Australia
