 You can literally create anything. It's amazing.
Creating anything. I love feeling like I can create anything I want, and that's a very useful tool for making up your own stories.
Great Game Overall
This is a overall great game if you like this type. The game is playable in two forms, the First Person form or the original table top form. This game is probably my favorite game in this genre. It has a great big skill tree and a good story and fighting mechanics that you can sink many hours into. As for the age, this game has held up quite well.Yes lots of things are outdated but that is easily bypassed by the overall quality of it. Also put quite simply, This game is not 14+, that is a ridiculous statement. To me this game can be played by anybody who can handle simple non animated combat.
Idk
I think it’s for 11 and up cause it is violence but not strong violence like black ops so in my opinion I think it should be 11 and up or 12 and up depending on how strong the kid mind is
The best game ever!
Great game, not as intense at it seems
Good game
Awesome but hardware-taxing
Brilliant adventure game has swearing and violence
Amazing! A must-have!
A perfect ending
Shadow of the tomb raider is awsome it’s kinda bloody but other than that it isnt to bad.
This game has amazinf graphics and environment, and a myriad of places to explore. While there is violence, it is all against bad people who are trying to end the world, and there really isn't any blood. You can even sneak around most enemies and avoid violence. The game does get scary at a point, where The Descent-esque monsters attack you and you have to fight them off in a dark cave. (minor spoilers here: these monsters do however, turn out to help you in the end so you realize they aren't murderous crazies.)
Good but it's hard to understand the game.
This game is absolutely STUNNING visually and gameplay-wise. Hard to see blood. Absolute must-play, but requires decent GPU.
Parental stuff first, like always! So, violence? Yes, it definitely is there. Lara uses a variety of weapons like bows and guns and knives to kill people and animals. There's some gore in it, such as a torn up of a minor character, with limbs torn off, and skin was torn off, and his body mauled and quite messed up, and other such. Cities are destroyed by natural disasters. There's also intense action and fights, and even more! Swearing? Yes. There's frequent use of sh-t and f-ck and others. Sex? As far as I know, not really. Drinking and smoking? I haven't gotten to a part like that, though there likely will be a scene involving such things. Consumerism? No. Messages? Yes, there are messages of friendship and trust throughout. Great role models? Yes. Lara is a strong female character, and that's just about it. This is the epic conclusion to the prequel trilogy (Tomb Raider,