 for 11 year olds at minimum, or maybe a ten year old, depending if they are mature enough to handle some emotional parts.
fire emblem is known as a stragaty game, with tile based movement and the famous permadeath (if a unit dies he STAYS DEAD) don't be worried theirs a mode called casual mode it basically turns it off so the language is basic like D---m and basically that the game can be pretty stressful at times and some flirting involved over all its a great game and a great game for newcomers. it may be hard to get used to it but once you learn its pretty easy to pick up.
I love fire emblem especially the older titles such as on the gba. This one’s pretty good too expect being a lot easier. You can turn back time so if you mess up, it doesn’t really matter. There’s a bit of language like hell and crap but nothing crazy. Some characters wear revealing outfits but nothing like the past entry: Fates. The main thing I would say that isn’t the greatest for younger kids is the complex story. A great deal of characters all of have past trauma and have committed crimes. The story is also primarily anti-religion so religious families may feel uncomfortable with it.
This is a great game, it forces you to make very hard decisions, especially if you chose to do classic mode, where if one of your units dies, they are dead for good. I borrowed this game from a friend and it was great. I have played other fire emblem games, and this was my favorite. Although, the cutscenes show very violent deaths, (no spoilers) but the deaths in the game itself are not violent.
I love this game. The animated cutscenes look stunning,The story is engaging,the characters are great, the gameplay is fun(Although quite hard), the voice acting is solid, the music is memorable.... I've never got sucked into a game this hard ever since Cuphead. However, you can't have a same sex marriage with a samurai magician from the middle ages in Cuphead,so.... The game has mild language,intermediate violence and romance elements that make it suitable towards teenagers and above. I have a few nitpicks, but those mostly don't matter.
In this game, you play as a professor and a mercenary (male or female) in an academy in Garreg Mach. You lead one of three houses (excluding the DLC) and lead your students to excellence. The game is loosely based on a fantasy version of Christian Europe, where wyverns (pretty much dragons) and magic exists. This is rather violent, but only during cutscenes will the blood show. And even if it shows, it will be darkened or sometimes even black. Kids who buy this game might have problems understanding the games themes or dialogue, or the combat systems, but there are many visual guides and explanations. There's not much swearing; characters sometimes say damn, hell, crap, and minor swears, but the occasional 'bastard' that