 are worried about swearing then it is very easy to make it so that random squadmates(you have to play either duos or trios) are muted so they can't talk to your child and that means your child can't hear them swear or hear them at all. Like I said above you can only play trios or duos(no solos) and that is because the game focuses more on teamwork and it teaches kids that you can't win by doing everything yourself(like you can in Fortnite) but you need to work together and combine your abilities to defeat other squads. Now, you might be thinking that your kid will get really mad when they lose(maybe you have had or heard some fortnite horror stories) but people just seem more relaxed in Apex. I rarely get mad at games but I do see myself in other battle royales feeling a small bit of anger when I lose but in Apex the most mad me and my friends have ever got is saying "Oh dang it we were so close!" And the only time we yell is sometimes you can get caught by surprise and we yell out of fright/surprise. Now you might be wondering why I said it promotes diversity and that is because it is the first battle royale to have such a diverse background and I will list the diverse cast of the characters(there backgrounds and what they do) - Lifeline: A Black British Woman who is the healer and her ablities focus more on healing others than herself and putting herself in danger to save her teammates/friends. Her abilities are a drone which revives a teammate allowing her to be free to do other stuff at the same time(either defending her fallen teammate or reviving another teammate allowing you to revive 2 people at once) She can also call in a Care Package which brings medical supplies &amp; sheilds(extra health/protection) Her personality is very happy and positive - Gilbraltor: A Gay Male Pacific Islander who creates sheilds for both himself and his team. He can throws a giant bubble shield and he can also send in an orbital strke(blasts from above) His personality is very warm and he wants everyone to be loved and treats his squadmates like family. - Mirage: A Latino/Hispanic Man who creates decoys or "mirages"(like his name) that can be used to distract opponents to give your team good positioning. He is really good for defeating stereotypes because he represents every Gay stereotype but he is not gay which teaches kids stereotypes don't define people(while the actual gay people are in no way stereotypes) - Caustic: He is a White Man who is a scientist and his abilities specialize in traps which can help your team hold down certain spots and it encourages smart play, strategy &amp; teamwork to get in good positions with the traps. His personality is dark and he is shown to be mysterious and kind of like a evil scientist. - Loba: