 She is a Hispanic/Latina woman whose powers include teleporting(done by throwing her teleportation rings )and the Black Market since she is supposed to be a genius and she uses this tech gadget to allow her to loot a entire town without going through it(instead she creates a Portal which contains everything in that area and you can just pick it up without wasting time. She is a good role model for girls because not only is she the leader of the group of heroes in the story of the game/story mode but she also is a genius which is a great role model for girls. - Pathfinder: He is a robot who is programmed to be a male(presumably) and his ablities are centered around moving your team around. He has a grappler which can be done quicker but it only moves him but he also has a zipline which can move his whole team and help you get high ground and reach hard to get places. His personality is happy go-lucky and he calls everyone friend and his chest has a screen which shows a happy emoji/smiley face when he is happy and at the start and when they are in danger it shows a sad face. - Bloodhound: They are a Non-Binary person whose face is hidden and their face is intentionally hidden to hide their biological sex so that any non-binary person(no matter their biological sex) can feel represented by them. They are a tracker whose abilities revolve around revealing enemies locations and footsteps(you can use this to push into battles or to try to avoid other teams whatever your team feels is best) - Bangalore: She is a Black Woman who is a military vet(based off dialogue she was very high ranking) who really does embody the strong independent woman more than any other battle royale character I have ever seen. And I said Loba was the leader but Loba only entered in this season(One new legend/playable character is added each season) (each season is about 2-3 months) and before Loba, Bangalore was the leader of the heroes. Her abilities are very much survival based like when she is getting shot at she runs at double her normal speed and she can shoot a smoke grenade which will make everything cloudy allowing your team to get away she can also send in missiles to provide cover and create a barrier of missiles around where your teams is. - Wraith: A White Woman who has a goth like personality and her powers involve heading into the void(a place that is in between dimensions) one ablity is called Phase Walk and it makes you nearly invisable and you move faster which is good for scouting for your team or making it into the next eye of the storm/circle. She can also make a portal which can not only go farther than Phase Walk and you can keep going through the same portal over and over again but you can