 shows how everyone is good in some way as every legend is good in different scenarios. For example one of the combos that is really good is Caustic &amp; Watson(along with any third legend) because if you want to play more hiding and holding down a house or bunker or some indoor area then you can use Caustic's gas barrels to block the doors and trap them up and you can also use Watson's gates to do the same things whilst using Watson's plyons to block all grenades, ablities and shots being thrown at you through windows you can use Reveant in that situation because his Death Totem can give you good extra health that is much needed if you are shooting out a window. You could also use Loba because her Black Market let's you pick up healing from the area outside without having to leave the safety(and comprise your position) of your house. Her teleport rings can also let you quickly run out on a quick scouting mission or to get a few blasts in on another team and then quickly teleport back to your house and the same goes for using Wraith's skills that way. You can also use Lifeline to heal people and give extra healing to you within the saftey of your house. But if you want more high paced action with more battles and more running at people then go with people like Bangalore, Wraith, Mirage, Octance, Lifeline, Reveant or Loba because Mirage's decoys help and Bangalore's smoke let's you cause confusion and get into and out of battles quickly same goes for Wraith and Octane's skills and then Reveant is good for damage dealing whilst Loba let's you get loot quick so you can get right to action and Lifeline gives you on the go healing and quicker revives which helps for a high paced/always running type of play. Some people on these reviews I see complain about the way that the syringes &amp; med kits are bad because they look like drug injectors but actually what they are going for is the futuristic style with you being able to heal yourself super quickly(like the Bacta &amp; Kolto shots that people get in Star Wars or the quick heals given in Star Trek) so they mean to go futuristic not drugs(this also goes for the thing Octane injects to go faster) I hope this has been helpful to the people who read this(since you just read this monsterly long review a wrote)
I love this game and it is really great for older kids and teens. I know that some parent don't like blood but its very minimal and there is no gore. The game is heavily based on teamwork but some ply might swear but you can mute them. Also sometimes they might say something like damn but that all. Its easy to play and you can play with friends. And its 100% free but there is microtransactions (thanks a lot EA). You