 should let you kids play it BUT make sure they don't get you credit card, LOL. I hope this helps you decide.
1st of all let's get something or right off the bat this game is very very fortnight I mean through so many other things we can do the character is have voice lines which makes it very interactive and not as boring and As quiet then fortnite what makes epic so different is the ability's that the that legends can use I recommend that you should be and least 9 years old a play this cause there's not that much blood and no gore.
so ya it has some blood but not a whole lot but it is cinda hard so ya but it is my new favrote shooter (a lot better than fortnite) cida realilistic and all of the game modes are all working togethor
it is a good game with a little bit of blood but it is ok. the game has great role models and great team work skills.
I used to be a Fortnite fan, but I switched when this game came out. I really liked it right away, I liked all the characters and the realistic graphics. Note to parents! This game is a lot better than Fortnite. The “blood” in this game is only a red hue that appears on the side of the screen when you are injured. Unlike Fortnite the guns in the game aren’t modelled after real guns. Each “legend” in this game have unique abilities that will help your team during the battle royale scenario. I think anyone age 10 and up will play this game and enjoy it. It is a bit challenging but still quite fun. Anyone who buys this game will like it. If you are wondering wether to let your kids play this, maybe try playing the game yourself. I’m sure you and your kids will enjoy it.
This game is suitable for any age as long as they are responsible. Any 10 year old should be able to play this. You should never judge a game by the rating. Just get it, and if it's too violent, delete it. It doesn't suck up money like fortnite. It's also not as addictive, but more fun. You should let your kid get this.
Is more realist than Fortnite but, still better than any Halo and COD. This is a very fun game that you should let your kid play
Well this game does have a little bit of blood is not overly graphic at all I would be comfortable with the most kids playing this game the only other thing is the voice chat your younger kids might want to avoid this game if they are very sensitive to online toxicity however if you can get past all of that this is a great game and I've never really liked for Fortnite and this is a great battle royale to replace that game
If you are a parent and think that your 10