 Fun Game which is Kind of violent
Amaizing!
Great Game
Love this game
I mean, come on folks this game rules
No to Apex?
Personally I think this not that Violent
It’s really fun for about 9 to10
fun
Minor language, some blood, somtimes ends up under death-boxes ( blood splat)
Minor gore some edgy voice lines
Apex is a great shooter and br set in the Titanfall universe
Awesome Game!
Incredible
very fun but very hard as well
Apex No.1!
More realistic but still appropiate
Apex Legends is the true champion of the battle royales
Similar to Fortnite but more realistic
This game has guns blood and mild violence I play it on my computer and it's fun to play
This game is great but it has a lot of blood and healing/ reviving might be too violent for some young kids. It has teamwork although has online chat which others may curse. It has lots of characters and it may take a some time to learn each character. It has an in game store and costs real money.
revenant is best with dont die power up caustic is good too
This game has some blood but barely visible. If you kids plays overwatch this game should be fine. There is no gore in apex. There is very mild language. You might here damn or crap but that was never a big deal to me. This game is a step up from Fortnite so if you kid played Fortnite previously they would be able to get into Apex. This has been my favorite game of 2020 so far.
UM so the game overall is really fun and not very gory the only time there is blood is when the player is shooting another players health not shield/armor. The finishers are kinda bad but there isn't really blood in the finishers and its not good to do a cutscene while your in battle so finishers don't really happen that much. Overall great game so fun
Hi, Apex legends is a great game that teaches people teamwork through the amount of things that you need to rely on teamwork for. The blood in the game is minimal to none and is barely noticable. As for voice chat, this can be turned off in game or system wide parental controls. you dont really need to rely on voice chat because of the games unique ping system which includes voicelines of the characters you equip. There is not as much consumerism as other games and most of the game is play to win. You can purchase other legends with currency you earn, or you can buy it aswell. in the voicelines, however, there is minimal swearing (nothing too extreme). they may say "hell yea" or "damnit" but this is not very often. in conclusion, this game is not as timid as Fortnite, but not as extreme as COD. if your child plays Fortnite, this should be a decent fit for them
I do not know why people are saying that it’s really violent but it has a little bit of blood not that much it’s really fun to