 play personally the voice chat sometimes get toxic but most the time people are really nice if you’re a parent and if your kids want to play Apex just let them personally I think you should be 10 because there’s just a lot of blood but not that much sometimes the legends say words like hell Dammit ass but not really bad words and also the Story really good I highly recommend it it’s not that violent what people are saying yes there’s just a little bit of blood but that’s all right if it’s fine with you it’s fine with you if it’s wrong with you it’s wrong with you you get the point personally I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to play it
As far as violence and language it really has cartoony blood and as far as language it only rarely says the a word and d word and the h word so not really bad but maybe it’s a little addicting and I spent 75 dollars on this awesome game
Fun game. There is blood but nothing else bad. There is one character named octane who sticks a needle which look like drugs into himself. It is more realistic than fortnite but not as realistic as call of duty. Some of the character have a terrible backstory. One character's dad was killed by a assassin who is another character. Overall great game.
This game Is not that inappropriate, but there are some things you want to look out for, there is a character named loba, who’s design is a bit suggestive and “ sexy” and some voice lines aren’t aimed to kids, and some characters say “ damn, hell, that hurt like hell” ect... and some of the blood ends up on the walls, but not much, and to make up for flaws, its free, so if you don’t like it, you don’t lose money, although you can lose expensive in-game purchases, I give it a very rough TEEN but it’s up to you, there is also a character named, octain who is a steroid and drug addict, who his power is going fast, by doing a green liquid in a needle, identified as crack
Apex legends has some blood but the blood is really only red mist when you land a hit with a heavy weapon. The only thing in my opinion to watch out for is revenant (a character in the game) as he has some graphic voice lines and finishers. Overall i think its a 12 and up game.
The characters are diverse and unique and each have a rich backstory there are a lot of positive role models However for a beginner it is quite hard to get the hang of if you haven’t played titanfall but once you understand the advanced movement and tactical twist on the battle royale genre it will be one of your favourite games
Well this is the Best BattleRoyale Game Ever!Recommend it to any person
Ok so iv'e been playing