 this game for about 2 months, i will split this review in two parts: the game itself and age rating. Game: The game is a class based battleroyale, a classed based game means that there are different characters (each with it's own backstory) and different powers and abilities, I've heard people say its like fortnite but all battleroyales are the same, I usually dislike battleroyales because they are repetitive but apex legends changes it because of the unique abilities to each character which makes the gameplay different. Age rating: There is blood and it is minimal, i observe every detail because the graphics are incredible and I don't notice the blood, i when i heard there was blood i was shocked because its unnoticeable. If you want to see more for yourself i recommend the youtube Macro, he plays apex legends without swearing and its good content.
best game ive ever played extremly addicting . not alot of blood and no gore at all but a lot of violence. also teamwork is a very big concept of the game
I find Apex more interesting than Fortnite, but i would like to say Fortnite is fun to me, however Apex is better, i was new to Apex last week, but i just wanted to get better that rage quitting just like Warzone, if i would this game is the best, i would like to play this game again sometime...
Even though Apex is more graphic, most characters are either robots or cyborgs. You can mute chat and the guns are completely made up. There's alot of pay-to-look-cool but that can easily be avoided
I've been playing since season 0 and I've been hooked to its amazing gunplay, movement, abilities, locations, and music. Yet again it's a game by Respawn Entertainment, so if you've played any of their previous Titanfall games, you can expect a very smooth and highly polished Battle Royale. If you like realistic Sci-fi shooters, this is for YOU!!
Very similar to fortnite but a bit more violent. A really great game with a lot of cool characters. RECOMMEND IT
Apex Legends
Great Game! very addicting but is easy to burn your money fast!
Fun game
Promotes teamwork.
For teens
This game really won't do any harm to your child.
It's getting out of hand
It has some down sides, but overal is good
Great game
Solid Battle Royal with more violence then others.
Great Game To Begin Your Foray Into FPS Games
Apex review
just some general game advice
Amazing!
Innovative battle royale
My Apex Review
Apex is pretty good
Best 11 year old apex player
Not violent at all.
Apex Legends: Very similar to Fortnite, Apex Legends is a battle royale game. This genre of video game usually includes weapons and violence. Apex legends is no different, but it should be ok for a younger gamer. There are splats if blood whenever you shoot someone, but nothing to graphic or gory. When you start a match, you are put in to a squad of three, and teamwork is heavily rewarded. There is open chat, and a possibility of weirdos or pedophiles or