 is only said 1 or 2 times. Many characters are nobles and some are even born in poverty, but that doesn't stop them from achieving their own goals and becoming knights or leaders of kingdoms. The blood is also replaced by screams or yells of pain, but some characters express remorse for them. There is only one highly suggestive character, and that is Manuela. She is an opera dancer and has a terrible love life. She often tries to date you and sometimes even says that her cooking has been labeled seductive. There is one skirt chaser who pretty much dates every girl he sees, even going so far as to date chickens, horses and even someone's grandmother. Though these relationships last less than a day and are only for laughs. Love is a prominent theme in FE3H as you can build bonds with characters. You can increase them by sharing a meal, cooking with them, gifting, finding a lost item, conversing and even through battle. Once a bond has been raised to S, you can ask them out at the end of the game and marry them. There are also same sex relationships. This game can be light-hearted sometimes where there is no conflict going on but can get dark even to the point of you having to kill your own friends that you spent time with.
This game is great, and easy to play (depending on what difficulty you choose) but has mild sexual themes ranging from going on dates (tea parties) with others to marrying other characters. This game is really good, and more about the characters than about the gameplay and story. There is also no blood in the game, although people do die and are murdered.
Good story, good characters and only some violence. This game can teach you how to persevere. Very good. I'd recommend this to anyone!
Great mind bending challanging game
This game is easy to pick up and start playing but I had a lot of trouble finishing it so if your getting it for younger kids this game gets really tough and they might get frustrated but other than that this game is an amazing buy. The other concern is online play and you can't control how other people will talk and act soo if your kids are younger id stay clear of that until they are at least 13.
Good story
Great game has violence, language, and alcohol
Should not be 18
Beyond Two Soul's Review:
Cinematic singleplayer game with deep story
Criminally underrated
Great if your kid is mature
A GREAT game!
Deep
Best
NOOT BAAD
Amazing game but not for those under 14
Beautful Story But Mature
Beyond: Two Souls good but not as interesting as Heavy Rain
a point and click
Should be great for kids 10+
VERY GOOD GAME
Good Game, But not up with the standards of their previous game, Heavy Rain
Beyond Two Souls is a cinematic like game, one that you’d probably only play once, maybe twice for hidden eggs or nostalgic purposes, but it’s worth it. I wouldn’t say this games my favourite, not