 something, but you can turn off chat in the pre-game menu. There are diverse characters, like a gay hispanic man, and a black nurse. The only thing really "sexy" about this game is a character named loba. In the selection screen, if you pick her she will shake her hips and walk slowly towards a virtual store, while wearing a skintight outfit. There is also a character named Octane who uses drugs/steroids as his ultimate ability to run faster. Other than that, it's a great game to pass the time!
The game has more blood than most teen rated video games but isn't over the top. Mild language like Hell, Damn and Ass is infrequent. (Like in most PG-13 movies) Character Octane Injects Toxic Energy into himself to increase his speed. Good kids First Person Shooter. Overall, It is best for mature tweens and Teenagers. I spend way to Much money on this game but itr is worth it!
It is a fun game with easy controls. Played with my cousin and we really enjoyed it.
Very little bloodshed, some characters have quips that make them say words like a**. One character uses a made- up drug (called stim) which makes him fast. Every character has a suringe to revive their teammates. One character has a finisher in which they inject sleep drug
This game is not your typical battle royale game. The only reason people should play from the age of 13, is violence and some quotes with swearing. For example, the character Octane says two voice lines with the vulgar way of saying butt.
If anyone is reading this, if I'm going to be honest, this game is fine for really anyone over 7. Although it does show a bit of blood, I would say it's safe. There is voice chat, but it can easily be turned off.
It is getting weirder. More violent, with bloody violence. Outfits are getting even more edgy.
this game has some downsides like that the game crashes every once in a while frequently. it has happened to me and is frustrating, but when it comes to the acual game play style. some say it is bloody, but there is only a brief couple drops of what looks like paint. it is extremely kid friendly and would recomend it because of its teamwork building qualities.
Fun game that focuses on teamwork. Not very gory/ graphic.
Apex legends is a fun game with quite a bit of violence. I feel like the common sense media review is not very well done and was a bit rushed. For example not all the characters are in what I would call a "positive, even heroic, light". Also, contrary to what the review claims, all characters do have backstory if you look in game or on the official website. One example that has been in the game since the beginning is Caustic, a playable character who uses gas in order to eliminate his opponents. The game also does include drinking. Literally in the opening cinematic, in addition