 to one of the characters owning a bar. There is also some mild language including damn, hell, and some military slang. Also finishers exist, which is where a player is able to execute another player in a cut scene. These range from siting on the enemy to impaling the enemy and lifting them into the air. One thing the review was accurate on, was micro transactions. 20 bucks to make your character or weapon look a bit different. It is a very fun and entertaining game with good movement and controls. It is not simply a "more realistic Fortnite". It is an entirely different game and each character is unique. Add frequent updates, and you've got a pretty solid game. To over simplify it: Fantastic game but defiantly has some violence.
Apex Legends is slightly similar to Fortnite, minus the annoying dances and building/destruction. It has minor blood, consisting of a red haze over your view while getting hit or damaged. It encourages good teamwork, requiring you to help your team through the match, and always giving the option to say thank you and you're welcome after helping out. I have seen reviews claiming that the in game shop is consumerism, and I think that is silly, that's like saying the billboards and ads in front of us every day are consumerism. We don't complain about those though. All of the characters "Legends" in game are very positive and upbeat, and never curse, there is an in game chat, but you can disable it if you are that worried. Overall, I give this game 4 out of 5 stars, and would recommend it for anyone over 9.
let me just clear things up: this is a battle royale game. the point of the game is to kill as many other players as you can, along with your squad, and not die. over the course of the game you will have to shoot other players. you will probably be shot. a lot. there will be a little bit of blood, in the form of a red mist when players are shot. there is a voice chat that you can use, but it is easy to just mute people from the very beginning. these are fundamentals of the fps genre of games. if you are playing an fps game, this is what you get. the premise is easy to grasp, as kill or be killed. the most objectionable things that one may find in this game, compared to any other, are the character executions, short animations that can be triggered by a player standing over a downed player, in order to eliminate them. these may feature your character killing your enemy by beating, point blank gunshots, strangulation, lethal injection, electrocution, toxic gas, or, in a particularly comical one, just jumping on top of them. there is a system for communicating built into the game. it's a lot more serious than a game like fortnight, and there are a lot of high skill players online