 it is to violent
Its good
Its good
Good balance
An honest review
This is the cure to Fortnite, why would you not want your child to play?
wow
A good online game that is better than fortnite and PUBG.
You just took TitanFall2 and made it not fun
Grate game not to vilent
Apex Legends: great game for young teens to get into FPS games
Realistic battle royale game. A little bit complicated to understand at first.
It says blood. I know. Calm down.
apex legnds better than Fortnite?
AMAIZING
14+ little blood
Fun but hard
Copy
i think this a chance for kids to hide and play this but this is just to violent parents dont let kids play it
First of all this game is perfect for teens although it can be okay for younger kids to play but is not recommended due to voice chat. For Guardians Dont be concerned about your child getting aggressive due to games. If you're child gets aggressive dont just blame it on games you know it's your fualt for not supervising you child and teaching them the right way. If you were to ever go online there are no links to games that lead to children getting aggressive. For kids Dont forget when playing online games you are agreeing to EA's Terms of Service and saying your are at a mature age to play this game this is not to discourage but just to let you kids to be aware you will inounter many adults who are mature or not so mature and agreeing that you can play online. To be honest dont worry about micro transactions by playing ea games it's fairly well known that EA puts any means of micro transactions into all of there games even if it's overpriced. Since these are the people who made Titan Fall Series (Respawn) they do listen to the community so dont be scared to go onto Ea's Apex Legends Forums and talk a few things. Respawn will have a quick look at what the community does. So say some stuff you think should be needed if it's something thats unrelated be careful.
First of all this game is perfect for teens although it can be okay for younger kids to play but is not recommended due to voice chat. For Guardians Dont be concerned about your child getting aggressive due to games. If you're child gets aggressive dont just blame it on games you know it's your fualt for not supervising you child and teaching them the right way. If you were to ever go online there are no links to games that lead to children getting aggressive. For kids Dont forget when playing online games you are agreeing to EA's Terms of Service and saying your are at a mature age to play this game this is not to discourage but just to let you kids to be aware you will inounter many adults who are mature or not so mature and agreeing that you can play online. To be honest dont worry about micro transactions by playing ea