 games it's fairly well known that EA puts any means of micro transactions into all of there games even if it's overpriced. Since these are the people who made Titan Fall Series (Respawn) they do listen to the community so dont be scared to go onto Ea's Apex Legends Forums and talk a few things. Respawn will have a quick look at what the community does. So say some stuff you think should be needed if it's something thats unrelated be careful.
It’s quite hard. No swearing
Has great control gaming and is over all a 11/12, there is no gore but it can be violet but only the finishing moves, the only thing you have to pay for is cosmetics (things to make the characters look flashy like cloths, skins for the guns and such.) . And if your scared of foul language just mute, i just play mute cause there is a GREAT system of non-verbal communication (pinging and such). would 11/12 recommend
I own this game and honestly recommended it for 12 years and older. I am mature enough (i am 10 years) to play this game and have not become more violent towards other in life. This game is a battle royale between 20 squads of 3 people. You can choose different characters with abilities. Each character has some backstory and some are bad and some are good. Lifeline is a good medic that wants to help her teammates while Revenant is a hitman who murders people for bounties. You have to communicate with your team but there is an elaborate ping system so no Voice Chat is required. The violence is 4/5 (in terms of how bad). Made up names like R-301 are made up for assault rifles and Bangalore explains alot about weapons. There are HEIRLOOMS which are alot of money which are melee weapons and consist of Boxing Gloves, A Kunai, An axe, and Shock Sticks. Blood is shown but goes un-noticed 60% of the time because of the other violence. Try the game out to see if your child is mature enough.
Great! no real blood, aside from the screen turning a reddish hue when you're injured. Families, this is a certain cure to any fortnite addiction but is also very fun! at least allow your child to download and try the game in front of you if you're unsure.
I have been playing this game for 3 days and it is breath taking. The controls take wile to get but it is a blast. Respawn has put a lot of work in to this game there are a lot of guns in apex. The finishers are brutal but if you think that your kid can handle that then thay will have a blast. 4 out of 5 stars notaboomer591
I am 13 years old, and I personally love this game! Most days after school and homework I log on and play with my freinds. This game supports teamwork and comraderywhile being really fun aswell. Every single character