 has depth and is interesting. I really think this game is good for 10 year olds and up who want to play a multiplayer game.
It’s basically just titanless titanfall but in a battle Royale which basically takes all of the reason it’s actually fun, not to mention they took away WALLRUNNING. Respawn get your priorities straight
The game has some violence as u r using guns there is blood but if u go to settings, graphics and then tern down the impact marks there inset.
I’ve been playing this game for a while now, and I can tell you that Apex Legends isn’t as violent as CSM makes it out to be. The violence isn’t the most graphic besides a “blotchy” red ring around your screen when you are severely injured. The way you heal in the game seems a bit gritty, by injecting healing drugs/ steroids into your wrist, but besides that, nothing is really doesn’t seem violent to me and other players. There is a online chat in the game, but you can disable the chat in game, and there is lots of micro- transactions in the lobby. Overall, the game isn’t that violent and doesn’t deserve the 14+ rating.
I started playing this game about a month ago, and I am really enjoying it so far. It does include guns, but none of them exist in real life. The game allows you to purchase legends without having to spend real money, and offers a vast variety of personalizations you can add to your legends, banners, and weapons. You can earn many rewards by simply playing the game, and you have bonuses for playing with your friends. A negative thing is that the game is not cross-platform, so you can only play with people who have your same console. The graphics are very realistic, but there is no blood in the game, and once you kill a player you only see their bodies for a few seconds before they disappear and leave a box with their loot. My friends play this too, and I'm having a ton of fun both with them and alone.
It's a great game, more realistic than fortnite, yes, but still perfectly fine for kids. The blood is limited to a low heath warning around the edges of your screen and like only barely a bit around people when you shoot them, and in the fast pace of a fight you will probably never see it. The game itself has a lot of emphasis on teamwork, and you can mute your random teammates if you don't want to talk to them. You don't have to talk either if you don't want to talk, you can ping places and items, which just makes a mark on the map and makes you character say something.
I kinda like Apex legends a little bit more than Fortnite but Apex holds only a small bit of blood but no gore also Apex takes a lot of teamwork and cooperation to win great for