 people that like lots and i mean lots of action
This game is better than fortnite and it has a storyline where it has positive roll models and the game makes you think and is very strategy based
The Trouble with some parents they way over react with blood or way under react and let 10 year old play stuff like gta or other 18 like that. But with apex I didn't even notice the blood while playing untill I watched a review and they pointed it out and that was a good thew months after releasing that long and I only just noticed it and I still don't. it's there for a second and gone if you don't want to see the blood clearly don't use some of the finishers (some finishers show blood some don't normally the first finisher you get doesn't show any) . But even if you have a finisher that shows blood the game is too fast pace for you to have time to use it. Its a great game but parents need to ease up on us and let us play these games because blood in game doesn't even look like real blood. But to the games disigners as well just add a zero blood option in settings it can't be that hard and sails would rise because of this. I talked a bit to much about blood in this woops. Other things include in game its got good team work because of classes you can do cool combos with abilitys if playing solo can simply mute other squad members characters don't swear you can do some wacky stuff and not over sexulised like fortnite. One other thing if you let them play but your not so keen don't let them play caustic he's a gas trapper who enjoys gassing people but you have to pay for him with in game money which is hard to get or you can buy him so no need to worry about him much.
It’s fun to play. But a little hard. Recommend for kids that have experience with other games and are good at them
Apex is a good game but the blood is low. Education is a bit on the side but at least it is a good game.
Great battle royale.
Better than Fortnite
Apex Legends
Why would you show this to your children
Overwatch, Fortnite, Pubg and Halo put together
apex games!
very good game
Brilliant, action-packed title with toned down violence when compared to TitanFall.
The best game ever
Not that bad being honest
Best game ever
Better and more mature Battle Royale
Great game
Super cool!
Better than Fortnite (Fecesnite)
Depends on your attitude, mute the mic
love it!!!
Very Good Teamwork Based
hmmm
Great
Apex Legends is a battle Royale on a map around the size of Fortnite. You drop from a ship that flies around the map with your team, and you can choose a landing location. GOOD: - Wide range of guns: there are tons of guns in the arena, from the high-caliber and legendary Kraber sniper to the accurate, full-auto r-301. - Wide