 range of ammo: there is Energy ammo, which has medium damage with low bullet drop, Light with low damage, heavy with high damage, shotgun shells with medium damage and lotsa shots. You have to pick up the right ammo for your guns, found in small boxes in buildings or crates throughout the map. - Wide range of attachments: you aren’t confined to a single scope for your gun, in apex you attach any scope you find to your weapon, from the 4-8x zoom sniper to the legendary thermal scope. - Ping. Apex legends has the best communication tool ever conceived of in a video game: pinging. It’s so good, even fortnite has copied it. You use your middle mouse button. Click on it and you have placed a ping on whatever you’re looking at, and your character says “hey, ___ here!”. You can hold it down for more diverse options, like “looting here”, “enemy here”, and “attacking here”. There’s also chat and voice talk. - Legends: you choose your legends in a screen before you launch; you can be the slim and fast Pathfinder with his grapple gun, or the poison choker, Caustic with his deadly Nox gas. - Respawning: when you die in apex, you don’t really die. First you get knocked, a state where you can easily be revived by teammates. If you are killed during that stage, or your teammates don’t res you in time, then your teammates can pick up your banner and use that to respawn you. BAD/NEUTRAL: - There are some toxic players on the platform who won’t care for your well beings. Be warned. - There is some blood, but it’s just red particles that are temporary. No gore. SUMMARY: Fun game with small initial download for a BR, also worth a shot because it’s free!
If you like Fortnite, you'll love Apex Legends. Fortnite is trash, this is not. The only major problem is that there is mild blood, but it's not very noticable.
This is a great game if you like battle royal games like Fortnite and/or PUBG but a bit more graphic and realistic. Apex Legends is a first-person shooter similar to (online) Call of Duty (without all the heavy language of course.) Speaking of language, there is almost none that I really noticed except for the fact that some of the characters in the game will very infrequently say h*ll. And you may encounter bad language in the online game chat if you have that enabled, but I just disable it unless I know the person personally. Violence isn't that bad, (slight blood spray, guns, hand to hand combat, etc.) But if you don't like games with shooting people, or just guns and violence in general, this is a game you might want to avoid. But if your kid wants to get a shooting game and you don't like that kind of thing, this is a pretty good choice over Call of Duty, Watchdogs, Fallout, and all of those types of