 games, because it isn't quite as graphic. The only thing that some people might consider sexual in this game that I found is that one of the female character's t-shirt is a bit too small vertically showing an inch or two of her stomach. (Not a big deal in my opinion, but that kind of thing may bother some people so I thought I should put that in there.) I do wish Common Sense Media would have said something about drugs though, because there is some of that and it could possibly bother some people and/or set a bad example on little kids thinking it's okay to inject unnatural substances into your bloodstream. Not a big deal, but the med-packs and syringes in the game to heal yourself show you taking them by jabbing them into your wrist for a couple seconds. Also a character in the game has a power-up where he can jab a needle full of a drug or adrenaline of some sort into his leg to amp him up and make him more agile and able to run faster. Consumerism isn't terrible, but you can purchase things in the in game store much like in Fortnite. Over all, this is a really fun game and may be one of my favorites right now. I'm going to say Apex Legends is okay for kids 14+ but if you have a 13 year old who is responsible, I think he or she could maybe play it too.
The back story of one of the character is horrible and I even felt sick to the stomach there is blood and I believe (when I get kids) my kids should not be exposed to this until they are 14
Little bit of blood coming out of people when shot and you can also Punch and you fight with Rifles, SMGs, Snipers, Bows and LMGs.
A very creative game.
take this from a person that plays a lot more video games this game is battle royale but has nearly nothing in common with fortnite it is kind of cartoony but it does have a little tiny bit of blood when you hit someone a slightly visible red cloud is formed by a second and there is one or two characters that will result a little creepy for little kids like in a range of 7 or less years old
Apex Legends was a very interesting game as it released with little notice and absolutely blew up upon release. Now, the main issues I see with these reviews are the misinformation about the micro-transaction system within Apex. While, yes, it exists the system does not entice the user to buy cosmetics. You have to go out of your way to buy in game currency, you gain loot boxes upon leveling up and you are frequently rewarded with free cosmetics. It was a very smart system and I think respawn outdid themselves with the currency system in Apex Legends. The main issue is the purchasable characters. There are