 even my top 3, but I definitely recommend it, but only if you’re not looking for much a challenge. It does have quick time events, but from what I know, you can’t die from any of them. It involves violence that you can choose to avoid (but sometimes avoiding it is the wrong decision), an example *SPOILER ALERT* is a scene where the protaganist, Jodie, sneaks out to go to a bar and almost gets molested. That’s where you come in as Aiden, you’re forced to hurt/kill them to save Jodie, but you also choose how far you go with it, either you can leave it with killing them, or start destroying everything. Though, I wouldn’t say this game is 18+. Of course, some themes are pretty mature, I’d say that as long as your child is mature and knows the difference between good and bad, let them play it. It shows you the consequences of your actions, and has some really good and memorable moments. No nudity, one scene where you can choose to have sex (but it’s not shown and you can choose not to have sex) and really no drug/alcohol use. It shows what it’s like to be homeless, to be in the military (kinda) and what it’s like to be given away.
This should not be 18+. I played it when I was 12 (i’m 13 now) and I didn’t know it was 18+. I thought it was like 13+ because it wasn’t scary or anything. Yes it is much swearing and a little drinking and stuff but nothing a 13 year old can’t handle. I think that people are a little overreacting when they say that this should be 18+. And there is nothing sexy stuff in it. My mom watched me playing a little and she was even surprised that it was 18+
Well the game is fine at the beginning, but when you are on missions you might have to choke some guys down or kill them. The game doesn't contain that much gore. It's basically just death and blood. For me the game was really normal and calm and exciting. Yes, it is gun shooting. And it does have some romance scenes but they aren't showing any naked bodies. The game does swear.. But overall it's good. And I recommend it for teens especially. Those who are 8,9,10,11 might get shocked by it or get disgusted by the violence and blood. So don't let one of your younger children get the hands on this game! :^]
This game isn’t for kids, but it is ok for older teens.
I am a 14 year old girl, and I don’t think this game should’ve been 18+ yes it does have a lot of curse words and it has some blood in it, it also contains drugs and suicide and rape, all very serious subjects. It has some sex scenes aswell, but does not show anything that a 16 year old couldn’t handle. This game is really emotional aswell.