 three characters that can be bought with 12000 credits or what ever you want to call it. You gain 600 upon leveling up and I could buy my first at level 28. It takes a long time to buy characters with pure game-play rewards, however, most of them are quite rubbish anyway. Putting aside micro-transactions, Apex is a violent game when compared to Fortnite. Fortnite, while having guns, does not depict the death of the characters, lacks blood and is very stylized. All of which Apex Legends lacks. In Apex, once a player is downed the can die. I mean fall down on the ground limp as their body disappears into a large box. The lore in the game also depicts that the legends die. In Mirage's lore it says that he wanted to participate in the Apex games but he did not want to leave his mother without a son if he ends up dying. While blood exists, it does not fall on the ground and it is only a particle effect. The weapons using light and heavy ammo sound realistic and can instantly be recognized as a firearm. The last part of this is the themes and subject matter within Apex. The lore of apex put simply is, after the large war in the events of the titanfall games, many people still wanted chaos and war. So, the outlands, an untouched area containing planets was adopted to house "The Apex Games" where 60 people would fight to the death for fame and fortune in teams of 3. Each character has their own reasons for wanting to join the games. One, pathfinder wants to find his owner and uses the apex games to get himself popular so his creator would find him. Another, Bloodhound, follows the nordic gods. He/She believes that he should kill anyone he can until he dies. Caustic, after killing his friends in a lab for pesticides joins the apex games to test his disturbing and dangerous gasses by using them on the fighters in the apex games. And for a last example, bangalore, after getting trapped in the outlands after a military mission gone wrong joins the apex games in order to gain enough money to fly back to her family. So, the games lore contains both, good neutral and horrible evil characters with the game including gassing people until they die, to gunning lads down with guns to even Octane using stims that take away his HP to give him a speed boost. Players often make fun of him calling him "Mr. Heroin addict". There is very minor swearing like damn and hell. Mirage says "Damn, I'm good" after eliminating a squad and other things like that. Not too bad, however, in the rare case a teammate has a mic swearing will probably be involved. Keep in mind, however, this is just a game. I think with the right conversations a child could play any game with a few exceptions (GTA, mostly games with