 porn). The last of us is a great example of a good, mature game that despite being brutal, has a lot of VERY important messages and emphasizes how people grow, how relationships grow and how people treat each-other and communicate. So, just because it is violent, do not discourage or prevent your kid from playing this game as team work is key to winning and frankly, sometimes it's fun to shoot something.
Apex legends it’s another battle royal game which has gone very popular like games like fortnite or PUBG. The graphics are better than fortnite, therefore it looks more realistic making it more violent and bloody but you can’t really see the blood, it’s really just a bit of blood every time you shoot. The characters do not use bad language but other people with mics could say whatever they want. There is an option mute the people in your group though. There is one character which injects adrenaline in his body to run faster. Also you can buy digital money which you can use to buy skins, characters and other kind of things. I would say kids at the age of 11 could play this game or 12 if you think it’s better for your kid
This game was amazing for my child and the language was appropriate
More mature as in realistic violence and minimal blood. You can use shotguns, SMG's, Pistols, Assault Rifles, Sniper Rifles and grenades. While shooting other players, blood is visible but doesn't stain anything. Cinematic violence(finishers) can be pretty violent but no blood in any of them.
This game has barely any blood and is good 9+
This game is cool same amount of violence as fortnite but there is a bit of blood. Swearing includes d**n and h**l. One cutscene takes place in a bar but very brief. One thing is the finishers witch are a bit violent but not over the top or anything.
OK. This game has some blood in it but that's not a problem. Great graphics, awesome gameplay, 0.00001% propaganda in it. Fortnite is just filled with gey trash in it. This is one of my fav games.
If you've ever heard of Fortnite, which you probably have, then this game is very similar to that. Sixty players drop into the same world, fight until they're the last one standing. Apex is more "realistic" than Fortnite. (if you count robots and laser guns as realistic). The blood is minimal, only a generic red splash. Because of how fast paced and tense the game is, if you're firing at someone you never even notice the blood, you don't have time to think about it. There is minimal language, only going from h-ll to d-mn, although this may or may not change depending on future updates and characters. No sexuality, no suggestive voice lines from any of the characters. For positive messages, the only one I could think of is Pathfinder, the friendly wants-to-help-everyone robot, but don't play this game an educational or highly-friendly experience. Game