 its good but fix about the cheater
Good for mature 11 year olds
good game
Apex Legends
It’s okay
YOU KNOW...A MEH VERSION OF FORTNITE
Nothing to bad
Addicting, Fun, Slightly Violent Game
The real review
The best free-to-play battle royale game.
Apex Legends is good
Better than Fortnite
"Titanfall game" is big let down, unresponsive controls/features.
Amazing! Way better than Fortnite.
Great!
commonsensemedia forgot to include finishers
Not realalistic
coooool!
People may think that it is for 16 or 18 because they see a realistic looking gun but when you play it you realise that it isn't that bad and is to inocent to be close
Apex Legends is a very good game. The most prominent factor is violence. Players drop down onto a island in teams of three and use semi-realistic assault riffles, pistols, sniper riffles etc. to eliminate opponents. There is mild blood that is pretty hard to notice and very mild language such as h**l. There is voice chat that you can turn off if needed. As long as your child knows that is not okay to go out and shoot people, you should be alright on this one.
Apex Legends has little violence, except for the guns and tinsy winsy bit of blood.
I have played a couple rounds of this game and it has some blood but it’s not too violent and one of the new characters (Octane) uses Stim Shots (a type of drug) to jump super high
If u let your kid use a mic it’s a automatic 17+ because of swearing but other than that it’s okay not too fun but a little...FORTNITE IS SO MUCH BETTER apex is that type of game to trend and then slowly fade but fortnite is still the game that everyone is playing
It`s kind of a version of Fortnite Battle Royale without the dances or any of the fun things. Hardcore gamers would love this! It`s totally over rated...I mean...a 16+???! Oh please. The only blood or gore is if you get shot, and that is just red dots on your screen. It`s a little bit boring but pretty fun. Fortnite is better though.
There is nothing that bad in this game there is no blood no cussing it would really only be bad if you don’t want you kids talking to strangers and even then u can turn that off
Apex Legends is easily the best game in a sub-genre that I had no interest in previous. The game is easy to play but difficult to master. Each of the playable characters all have benefits which make the game have some variety which other Battle Royale Games lack. The game contains violence which happens often but with limited bloody detail. There is micro transactions in the game which only serve for cosmetics and as a faster way to earn characters. You can get the characters by playing the game but it will take some time.
Apex legends is the new "fortnite". but this time it's first person and includes a little to no blood. apex made it so cosmetics are very unnecessary and gave you some coins to buy