 some when you start. they also frequently give you loot box's for free when you level up. go watch a youtuber play it. also stop using common sense for game reviews.
After I recently heard about fortnite taking some features from apex, I decided to give it a play before Epic Games' game got ruined. It was one of the best games I've played in the battle royale category. Rather than having normal skins with no special abilities, Apex created creative characters that of which players could select from. It offers communication without the need for a headset with the "pinging" tool, which allows you to mark a specific location for all of your team to see, including weapons, armor, and even other players. As stated before, each character has their own unique ability, and unlike overwatch, they recharge at a moderate rate. They aren't overpowered, and if you're playing someone like Lifeline of Pathfinder, the abilities are designed to help your team. Those abilities can also help the enemies if they come across Lifeline's care package, or Pathfinder's zipline. Unlike other games with character select, there is no "best character". It is all dependent on how well you play a specific characters. Overall, the game shows that EA can still make GOOD games.
Apex is a good game because it is appropriate for kids and it is not to realistic and it gives your children a chance to have fun.
this game is a nice first person shooter battle royale game for older kids. the guns are more realistic, better music, and grapics. there are a few H*lls.
How is this at all connected to the Titanfall universe? It has nothing to do with the story. The only way that it's connected is that there is ONE main character in the OPENING CUT SCENE from the actual games. Other than that I cannot see how this is related to any of the games. Now, I'm not a big fan of Battle-Royal games, but there are some decent ones (Fortnite), but then there are some bad ones that just rip off PUBG (H1Z1). This goes WAAAAAAAY below that. What was cool about the Titanfall games is how you use the Titans and are able to crush your enemies into a pulp (literally), but you can't do that in the game. You're left with the simple FPS gun combat. Know, there are six playable characters, but two are only purchasable, so that leaves four without spending any actual money. They're all useless except for two, one who's a healer, and the other who has a shield. Oh wait, never mind, the shield does NOTHING! I tested this. With one encounter I didn't use the shield and watched how much damage I took, and another time and watched. So it's completely useless. Half the time it won't even come up when I push the button. Also, there are very little weapons to actually use. This game is worth avoiding.
This game is very fun. It has a