 little bit of blood but it is not anything like Call Of Duty or Mortal Kombat. It is extremely fun and kids will have a ton of fun playing it. It is less frustrating than Fortnite. As for the online chatting, people use WAY less swear words than Fortnite. And you can just turn off the online chat in the settings. Therefore, it is not anything like fortnite and it should not be treated like it is by CSM. They say that it should be 14+! That is crazy! Do NOT listen to CSM and trust your gut. Thanks and I hope this helps your decision.
Perfect for anyone 9+.
Common sense forgot to include that if a character is knocked on the opposite team you can perform a finisher on them and you can even unlock different finishers for different characters
It isnt that bad because in the real game you shoot lazors like star wars battlefront, and can go back to life and you always respawn to fight again
it's really good I prefer fortnite but R.I.P fortnite. it does involve a tiiiiiiiny bit of realism and is online but so is fortnite. P.S yeet P.P.S Ali-a is my grandma.
coooool!
This is great for people who like battle royal games and first person shooters.
For people familiar with battle royale or new
Amazing!
Good Free Game
Parents need to know
Would be good for 10 year olds, BUT
Very Enjoyable, but not for Younger Kids
Not to bad but not for below 10
it's really good I prefer fortnite but R.I.P fortnite. it does involve a tiiiiiiiny bit of realism and is online but so is fortnite. P.S yeet P.P.S Ali-a is my grandma.
This game is a lot of fun and I think that anyone who plays fortnite can play this game. Your goal in this game is to kill all the other teams in order to win. This game does not contain any blood or gore, and when you kill someone they turn into a box that you can loot.
No sex swearing or blood easy to play and very enjoyable to play with friends and by yourself
Great for any ages
This game is a multiplayer battle royale game. It is fun and is growing in popularity.
Parents need to understand that this game is good and not as bad as you think. I think it’s good for 12-13 up, it’s basically the next step to fortnite and when you kill someone there is a tiny bit of blood and you work as a team and help each other. Like fortnite the game is free on ps4, xbox one and pc but you have to purchase skins ect and the lowest bundle you can buy is $12 AU but other then that 12-13 up is good for me
Apex Legends Would be good for kids 10 and up, however the voice chat feature COULD make the game very explicit for them. If they only play with their friends it would be just fine, but otherwise you run the risk of a very toxic person.
Apex