 Legends is one of the most fun games I've played, but it is relatively violent, so I wouldn't recommend it for any kid 10 years old or younger. It is a first person shooter battle royale, and has gained millions of players over the first few days after release. It's rated Teen for violence and blood. I haven't actually seen much blood in this game, and the violence is not very different than that of other shooters. However, it is a game by EA, who is known for having many intriguing purchases available for players.
Apex Legends is a very fun shooter battle royale. The game doesn't hava any gore, only red clouds when you shoot somebody, and the guns don't look all to real. If you think that all slight bits of blood is bad then this game is not for you. Overall, this game is not very bad.
it's ok
A Long Time Coming
GREAT!
"Friendship!"
For anyone who likes Disney or RPG'S
Ok so i started playing kingdom hearts in 2016 and i loved it with the storyline being all over the place at times but still understanding it. Then i waited passiontly for kh3 when the games director Tetsuya Nomura started putting kh3 trailers yearly and i had my hopes up. A couple of years passed and i had played trough all of the games (except the ds titles) and then in January 29th i went home from school and rushed to the nearest shop and bought the game and... it was somewhat disapointing. It was not the story because that was just perfect as it really made the story better as it closed the dark seeker saga but that gameplay is when you can see a difference between kh2 and 3 because kh3 has the problem every osaka team game has and it is that the combat is very floaty and some parts are just plain overpowered (like the actractions) but over all it is a good game
This game is just amazing. The voice acting however can be a bit off sometimes. The Disney worlds are fun to play through but it may be difficult for kids to understand what happens later in the game.
Good game, if you want to give someone a good game then this is THE PERFECT one! There is nothing bad in this game that shocks people, it is just a fine game!
Yeah, this game is GREAT. Although it may be a bit boring, any little kid's attention can be kept for a little bit. The game is easy, and the story is all about friendship and hearts. I mean, oh boy beating up people with keys, watch as they walk away and come back as fully formed people. Nothing wrong with this game.
Kingdom hearts 3 is a action RPG with a confusing storyline. The game contains mild violence but no searing or bad language . The game is a crossover between Disney characters and characters from square enix's RPG final fantasy! You will fight tiny black creatures