 known as the heartless and you will use a weapon called a keyblade. The game does have some complex controls and the story can get a little dark at times. I would recommend the game to ages 10 and up for fantasy violence and dark scenes.
Super fun game unfortunately with swearing
Pikuniku Review
Fun Game
This is a really fun indie game for kids 11 and up to to mild language such as a few damns and hells, which for some reason the expert review doesn’t mention. Amazing and hilarious 3 to 5 hours of gameplay (five if you collect all secrets) when looking for games.
This game was really easy, no violence, and involved a lot of humor and fun. Nothing inappropriate, it's just overall a really fun and funny game. I finished it quickly. It will probably help if the player knows how to read, this isn't Minecraft.
Its only 5+ because younger kids wouldn't get the controls
Boo! A very spooky remake
i cant believe they put this in the game
Awesome game
This game is amazing
Great
Amazing game, very violent...
Disregard the age rating. It really depends.
Amazing!!!!
Best Resident Evil Remake Ever!
An Absolute Nightmare
Really good but not for kids.
Beware
Hardcore Difficulty
Less scary than the others
This game is great
I got access to the demo. Let's just say I've played multiple horror games such as slender or even some of the early resident evils. I think that this remake is a great addition to the series but I couldnt get 5 minuets into the demo without quitting. It's so atmospheric and dark that even the slightest things like wind or thunder made me jump. If you think of getting this game for your child, go ahead but just know that the game is very very realistic with extreme gore and very tense situations.
There is a poster of a woman in a bikini in the game and it's so offensive I just can't look at it anymore! I mean everything else is fine - you know you shoot zombies in the game but that's all fine. Letting ANYONE see a woman in a bikini is insane! NOT FOR ANYONE UNDER 19!
Never played a RE game before but picked it up for 15 bucks on black Friday and WOW! This game is so fun and awesome, your constantly engaged and always on your toes. The gore isn't Doom level, just blood when you shoot, sometimes the head will split in half, when you die by zombie they bite a whole chunk of flesh out of your neck (made me want to barf). There's no nudity or anything like that except for like 3 posters at the gas station in the beginning which just have bikinis. Swearing isn't that bad, just a what the f**k or holy sh*t when something insane is happening. There are good messages about fighting for what's right and Leon and Claire can make some good role models. But yikes it is SCARY, a lot of creatures in the game might scare your kid, so as long as they can