 handle gore and horror, and are mature, it'll be a fun time
(Just for context here, I was just barely 14 when I watched YouTubers play Resident Evil 2 the Remake. I am now nearly 16 and I have not been traumatized in anyway shape or form, so parents, I’m sure your child will be fine.) So obviously most parents don’t like having their kids exposed to swearing, violence, or gore, but believe me, just give this game a chance. I haven’t personally played it, but I have watched an entire play through of the game so I know everything that happens. Yes there is swearing Yes there is violence and gore Yes there is very mild “porn” The “porn” is at the very beginning of the game where you enter a building and you’re searching for supplies, and at the back of the building where it’s staff only, there’s a desk with pictures of women in bikinis and what-not. After that? Nothing else. So all you have to worry about is the swearing and the blood. If I remember correctly, yes they do say the F-word, and swear A LOT. But think about this, if you were in a zombie apocalypse and being in danger no matter where you go, you’d be throwing a couple F-bombs too. Other than that, this game is perfect in every way. It is so realistic and the story is just great.
Another wonder full traditional RE game. Gruesome immagery ? Great Difficulty &amp; Heavy Empasis on loot conservation? Thrilling moments ? Wonderfully elaborate puzzles ? Scary shit ?
I just recently started playing this game in the past week. I am a big fan of the franchise, I have been playing through the originals and they are some of my favorite games. The remake for RE 2 is A LOT more violent than its original 1998 counterpart. This makes sense, after 21 years of new technological advances. I couldn't imagine anyone younger than 16 playing this game, its so realistic. Another thing is the profanity. As I said, I love the franchise, but I just don't see a need for so much language. On the other hand, this game is most likely my favorite game. It's so loyal to the original yet it's just different enough that I still get stuck sometimes. I recommend ages 16+ for this game.
This game is phenomenal, and if quality is all that matters then there's your answer on if you should buy the game or not. However, if the question as to whether or not you should buy this game was spurred on by its content the answer is not so cut and dry. The game definitely contains blood and gore, however, the player never even has the chance to hurt any people. The violence against the enemies in the game (zombies, mutants, etc) is, however, very detailed and gory, though as previously stated none of it is directed towards any living person. The main characters can also be considered