 It contains some violence. In my opinion this game is something a 16 year old could handle as I mentioned earlier. Not all 16 year olds are the same though. I was 14, and I know that a lot of 14 year olds wouldn’t be able to handle this game, but I know a lot that 16 year olds would.
It is an amazing game! It has a mix of emotions. There is quite strong violance and swearing but there is not much sex. That's why I would recommend this game 15+
The game has one hell of story that deals with, homelessness, acceptance, sexual assault and more. You take the role as a female character who has been living with a ghost all her life. Violence isn't that frequent, but is bloody. Blood is resulted in shooting enemies. You punch, kick, snap necks and possess enemies to kill other enemies. Language is occasional and strong; a-words, f-words, s-words. Sexuality is a factor. The game includes a man attempting to rape a young girl, another man willing to pay a homeless girl to give him a bl**job and a making out scene.
Beyond: Two Souls is definitely on my top 5 games. I have played games like Uncharted, The Last of Us, Red Dead Redemption 2, the Fallout, Skyrim etc. and this is still among the best I have played. I know this game doesn't have the best reviews, but before you decide the game is not good, play it and decide for yourself. Aside from a few scenes with violence, this game contains nothing worse than a PG-13 movie would.
There is a sex scene (with clothes on,) but if your kid is mature enough, then you should let them play it. It has a really good storyline, and you get emotionally connected to the character. There is a lot of violence, like fighting, suicide references, but if your kid is mature they'll be fine with it.
Beyond two souls is a really good game. It makes you cry,excited and it is adventurous. I don't really want to spoil the game, but it's about a girl and she has a "sidekick?" named Aiden. You can't see him, he is some ghost/spirit who protects her. Aiden can cause damage and there are very little "ooh" scenes but I play this game with my mom and even she likes it.
Beyond two souls is a deep emotional journey through Jodie's life. This game is defiantly a light M (which is the complete opposite of David Cage's previous game) and gets a 89.9/100 (A-)
I think this game is brilliant it is good for most ages (12 and up)
nothing bad. okay one sex scene(and they have clothes on :D)and thats scene is nothing! In finland anomalisa is rated 12 and up and in anomalisa there is very realistic sex scene so why NOT! btw violence is not bad in this game
While I this is an amazing game to play with an awesome back story, it is NOT a game