 good role models, as their actions and motivations are well-intentioned. This game follows two survivors named Leon and Claire, and the later's story involves trying to get a sample of the virus that is mutating people to the FBI to save the city and people in the surrounding area whereas the former's story revolves around saving a child and getting her out of the city. There is also swearing, however it isn't too excessive and isn't anything a preteen or teen likely hasn't heard yet. Overall I'd say the game is a good first horror game for someone who is getting into horror or someone who enjoys horror already, and so long as the content described in this review does not bother you or your child I would say the game is perfectly fine for them to play.
This Game Is Great!!! Only 4 Or 5 Graphic, Violent scenes. Language Is Not Very Bad And F Words Are Only Used A Couple Of Times. In Summary Great Game, Not To Bad Graphic Content Wise, But Still Pretty Scary
I am a 14 year old gamer and i have to say if your kid is mature they will sure enjoy this game alot if they are big fans of resident evil i honestly loved this game so much the graphics are amazing even though there is alot of violence!
I absolutely hate scary things. I’ve never played a single horror video game in my life, but everyone kept telling me this game was great, and it was only $15 dollars on Black Friday, so I decided to buy it. The first hour wasn’t too bad, but after that it got seriously horrifying. The game is so atmospheric that it feels almost real. Not to mention it’s incredibly gory. People are ripped in half with intestines spilling out, heads explode, missing limbs, and the death animations for Claire and Leon show them being eaten and ripped apart with one animation of a zombie kill showing a chunk of their necks being ripped off. The enemies are disturbing too, with hideous mutated humans with multiple arms and eyes, the lickers look like skinless humans mixed with dogs, some plant based enemies have multiple mouths that chew on your face. The list goes on. These monsters aren’t just zombies. Not to mention am I Kill able character stalks you for a majority of the game. It all culminates into a scary experience. When I wasn’t playing, I was fine as nothing disturbed my so much that I messed up, but when playing I was certainly terrified as well as extremely stressed. Not to mention, to get the true ending you have to play two campaigns. On a more positive note, both the main characters are pretty good role models. Claire is determined throughout the campaign to help a child in need reunite with her parents and risks her life a countless amount of times. Leon proves that even though he is a rookie cop, he’s still willing