 an amazing and thrilling dogfighting experience!
Best fighter game for a long time
Really Good
this game is one of my favourite games and to me this game is too unpopular and due to the cursing in the game which includes curse/impolite words like "s--t" "bitch" "balls" "ass" "a--hole" i wouldn't recommend it to audiences who are not used to that kind of stuff. other than that it's overall a great game with awesome soundtracks.
Loved it. Lots of swearing but the dialogue-based story telling requires it in a few instances. The music is so good. It looks beautiful and runs really well. I didn't encounter any bugs or problems other than the multiplayer being almost completely empty. The DLC's that have been released recently are totally worth it (I recommend getting the season pass if you want to get all the DLC's). I haven't tried the vr options but have been playing the rest of the game for about 6 months and it still never fails to be fun. Although some missions are tedious they are usually the shortest (under 15 minutes). The campaign will take under 5 hours for experienced players but on my first play through it took about 8 or 9. Which is short in comparison to other recent games but it's worth playing through again on all difficulties. The narrative is complicated and is communicated poorly to the player but it only takes one more listen to understand 100% of the context of the missions and current events of the campaign. The difficulties and controls address and huge variety of skill levels for players who are just beginning or have been playing Ace Combat games for years (of which I am the former). I loved the "strangereal" concept of actual planes loaded up with super weapons that have the potential to wreak havoc. The scale of the main enemy is amazing and you feel intimidated by how huge and powerful it is by the end of the campaign. All in all, a great game for fans of the genre but not for young children as the swearing is a bit much at times.
I think this is a really cool game for plane junkies it has REALLY cool graphics and really smooth game play me and my Pa play it together on Xbox one X, Really good game over all with just a teeny bit of mild language. Overall really good game.
Ok, Look.
Horrible
Nice game!
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssst Game Ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game for kids
Cash Grab
Great game, but younger kids need some help
This is just Super Mario Bros for the WiiU. I have a switch, and I have played inovative games like Super Smash Bros Ultimate and Rocket Leauge. And then, this appears. It is in that moment that I realize that it is just another side scrolling Nintendo Gold Mine. So, if you want to expirience a few extra items and one extra character, be my guest.
Horrid
I love this game! It is easy to use for beginners with Nabbit and he is how I beat