 it lol. Try it!
This Mario game is the best game I've ever played.
The game played smoothly on the DS, and if you can not afford a nintendo switch, this is a GREAT way to break into the super smash bros franchise! The game is perfect for any kid who wants to burn 30 mins by playing a freindly game in which they get to see characters that will stick with their memory for years!
It's just a port of the Wii U Game (which was already similar to the Wii game before it) but with "Deluxe" added to the name. Wow you can play as toadette. Wow you can play as knockoff peach. Wow you can play as Nabbit in the main game. Captain Toad had more new content and it didn't have deluxe in it's name!
This game is really, really, fun. It is a long one, so good to have for road trips and plane rides. While it is a simple concept, it can be VERY challenging at times and younger players need to be taught controls. I would not recommend letting kids who get mad play this, because my little brother gets mad and he threw his joy con across the room, and now there is a medium sized chip in the controller. overall, great game, yes, I realize there is a character that is immune to enemy attacks, making the game better for younger kids, but from my experience kids want to be like their older siblings and use regular characters like Mario and Luigi and toad
its pretty good.
good mario and luigi game. i like way you can play as bowser like you never have before. (oh wait, theres smash, mario kart, mario sports, and so on.) heh heh...
Nice
Ok, Look.
This is a nice motion controls game. The most main reason why am I rating 5 is that it has LMFAO. everday im shafolink!!!!! :DDDDDDDDD
Nothing will ever beat Wii Fit. It doesn't even matter if you get this game, because you'll just think about the Wii Fit games.
Amazing Game but...
Really good and engaging game
Why Smash Bros. Is A Great Game For Everyone
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEST!!!!
A must-have for any Nintendo Switch owner. A combination of an anime-style graphics game, a crossover fighting game, and even has a story mode. Thanks, Sakurai.
My brothers addicted
Best in the series yet! A must buy for Switch owners!
Incredible.
Great For Kids But Online is Another Story
It is fun like brawlhalla
Not Suitable for Under the 6 (But not 6), But Recommended to Play with Parents
It’s completely fine for five-year-olds
The ultimate installation in a popular franchise is hard to learn, but extremely fun
Best Fighting game
IT'S A MUST BUY FOR 6 YEAR OLDS
perfection
Overrated
Fun game!
Great game
it's not Melee
This was the first game I played on my switch. Nothing in this game is inappropriate except for VERY low violence, and no blood is shed. There are DLCs in the game (Fighters you must buy with $$) and they are not worth it. Its worth the cost of $60 itself. Buy it and have a