 fun 22 hours of play!
Fighting games realize it or not, are very good for the human body. Learning patience to master a hard to play game takes a lot of effort and memorizing all the button presses to activate your combo is captivating. Maybe not for really little kids because it is pretty difficult and your spoiled little baby might not like it and continue playing Fortnite, but this game is one of the best I ever played. It has lovable characters with such creative and quirky personalities. As funny as it is, this game can also lead into a well paying job, people win more than 1 million dollars a year winning tournaments of this game, where they practice and meet new friends, and also get the dough!
Super Smash Bros. ULTIMATE is the best game eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer!
Super Smash Brothers Ultimate is a 100% MUST-HAVE for any Nintendo Switch owner and anyone who's into crossover fighting games. There really is no inappropriate stuff. Sure, fighting is the main focus of the game, but it has very anime-style graphics, and there's no blood involved. However, quite a few characters come from T or M rated games such as Joker from Persona 5, Bayonetta from the Bayonetta series, Solid Snake from Metal Gear Solid, Cloud Strife from Final Fantasy VII, and others. The controls of the game are easy to get used to, and there's an in-game tutorial on how to play. There are 70+ fighters and a little over 100 arenas. From the game menu, there are several gamemodes: Regular Battles,(in the Smash category), World of Light(the game's story mode), Online Battles,(which requires Nintendo Switch Online), and in the Games and More section, there are some other minigames. There is also downloadable paid content, or DLC. This is content that is not available through normal gameplay. The first one, a standalone fighter, was Piranha Plant from the Mario series. After that, they made a "Fighter Pass", which contains 5 challenger packs. Buying the Fighter Pass grants you access to its content as soon as they are developed. Each challenger pack contains one fighter, a soundtrack, and a stage. The first Fighter Pass has the DLC fighters Joker (from Persona 5), Hero (from the Dragon Quest series), Banjo-Kazooie (from Banjo-Kazooie), Terry Bogard (from the Fatal Fury series), and Byleth (from Fire Emblem: Three Houses). Bandai Namco and Sora Ltd. (the developers) are also developing a second Fighter Pass, which will be completed by December 2021, and this one will contain 6 challenger packs. They also revealed that the first DLC fighter in the second Fighter Pass will be from the ARMS game. Piranha Plant (Piranha Plant is a standalone fighter, so he is not part of a Fighter Pass) costs $5.99, the first Fighter Pass costs $24.99, and the second Fighter Pass costs $29.99. You can also buy each Challenger Pack individually if you'd like. Overall, the game is pricey at $59.99, but it is definitely worth it. Thank you, Masahiro Sakurai (the