 director).
We've only had the game for a couple of months and I'd say he's addicted. It's a good game and all you do is fight each other, no blood or graphic content. It's pretty simple honestly. I enjoy playing it with my brother. He mains Pit and Ike lol (also Kirby)
I have sunk many hours into this masterpiece of a game! If it comes to trying to collect all the spirits, stage builder, A mediocre but fun story mode called World of Light, + more. When you first boot up the game, you only start with 8 characters. I know many people disliked this, but its a smart way to poke at the nostalgia of the original N64 game. Every character has their pros and cons, and MOST are enjoyable (Ness, please let me be in peace.) There are DLC fighters, which I recommend, but if you have just enough money for that then you should just wait. The online mode is good-ish, but lag is common for people with meh internet. Classic Mode is a mode, that's it... (Just kidding) It's a mode where when you choose a fighter, it'll have its own "route", meaning it's own character battles that reference its series. There are more modes, though I don't want to spoil them, or I'm just lazy, but I will explain a little more. Miis, remember them back in the Wii era? Anywho, you can create your own Mii fighters with any Mii you create. Spongebob in Mario's outfit, yourself with Majora's mask, and obviously more. Amiibo, little figures costing 12$ (9.09 pounds), can be scanned and use to train. You can let them go on a journey, which is basically fighting other Amiibo from around the world. Spirits are pretty much replacements of Trophies from earlier games. They aren't as cool, they have no description telling the origin, but they're still so fun to collect. I recently collected all 1438 spirits, &amp; boy was it a waste of time but it was so much fun! The story mode, World of Light, is basically spirit galore, with over 600 in it. It's very repetitive, even lasting about 25 hours depending on the person, so I would just play a bit each day. There are more ways to get spirits, 1) The spirit board, pretty much just a board where you see available spirits. 2) Summon &amp; enhance. Some characters can enhance into true forms or 2nd forms, being based off their games. They can also be summoned, which is where you use your other spirits to make a new one. The violence in this game is not bad at all, punching, lasers, etc. are present, but it's obviously toned down. Many franchises varying from Mario, to Zelda, to even Persona now. This makes a great family and party game, but also being amazing for single player too! The price is $60 (45.57 Pounds) and is it worth it? Very much so! I would have rated it like Ages