 7 &amp; up, but I didn't know if parents would dislike that, so I stuck with 9 &amp; up. That's it. See you!
If your Kid has a Nintendo Switch then totally buy this for them, It has violence like punching and slashing but it's just cartoonish and not gory or up close. This is hard sometimes for kids if you play Online because there are a lot of skilled players Online. It is a great game, it has many of your favourite characters and you can play with up to 8 players.
This is tries to be family-friendly and it did successfully with Camilla and Mythra's artwork being censored with no skin but a tiny bit of skin shown and it is a great party game. While it may be good the online side is very horny with some tumbnails showing a female's underskirt without censoring it so I think that the age rating should be higher than it should.
This game has alot of cartoon violence but I think kids that get to middle school should get the game because when i started playing super smash bros I was in 6th grade (same year i started playing brawlhalla!)
Cute character fighting, No description of role casualties, Not Too much But Mild violence
So I like to say if you own a Nintendo switch this is a game that you you have got to get your hands on it is my very favorite Fighting game there is is multiplayer online But you can only say certain things
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate could very possibly be the best game in the series. The game is incredibly fun alone, with friends, and online. Not easy to just pick up and play, Smash Ultimate is a constant learning experience, where players must examine their own and others' gameplay in order to get better. The game pulls characters from every corner of Nintendo imaginable, as well as well-known third-party characters from other popular companies. The game has a very high skill ceiling, so it can be hard to win when playing against others, but is still fun most of the time. Every fighter is carefully crafted to represent their series with a variety of attack options that help players develop strategy as well as reflexes and timing. The main reason I have such a high age rating is ease of play, as it is very difficult to learn, but there are a couple other questionable things in the game. Some cutscenes in the story mode or final smashes may be frightening to sensitive children, a handful of female playable characters and assist trophies wear skintight and somewhat revealing clothing, multiple spirits in the game sometimes include pictures of immodest or scary-looking characters, some bosses in the story mode are fairly frightening and may be portrayed as demonic, and some stages have background elements that may include horror-esque monsters or frightening aliens. Although some of these may seem daunting, with the correct settings they are fairly easy to avoid and