 This game is awesome!
Easy to learn, hard to master.
I love Smash!
Super smash bros ultimate
Really Good
Horible Franchise representation, Amazing Everything else.
Good.
Everyone is here, and it feels right.
My favorite game
It's the 5th fighting game in the series. Smash Bros started out as crossover game from multiple different video game properties from Nintendo in 1999. By the 3rd game which was rated T they added 2 characters from 2 different companies. Sonic the Hedgehog who is owned by SEGA and Snake who is owned by Konami. You might know Sonic but probably not Snake. Snake comes from Metal Gear Solid. It's a more mature franchise. After that characters from other companies got in smash. The characters that get in are ones that deserve it not characters from games that are popular at the time and are trending. Those get in. In the story mode characters are fighting for a good reason. It's the only way out of the problem. It's not a justification. They are going up against 2 cosmic being beings. Characters appearing in the game come from both family friendly franchises and mature franchises. Each franchise shown in the game has had it's dark parts before. The game was made for fans of these properties.
IT’S NOT MELEE!
Good, but there are a few concerns.
Love this game! But needs 13+ Rating for 3 reasons
Not my cup of tea
Perfection
Best game ever!!!
One of my favorites!
Best Game in the series
THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!
The Ultimate Smash Bros!
I got this game for christmas in 2018. I had so much fun with it! even my friends/family sometimes play it with me. I think that some of the characters are a bit obscure to younger audiences, because of the age rating. It is a little violent, but anybody can pick up that controller to have fun with this game!
Incredibly fun brawler. Can be frustrating in the beginning, but it's incredibly rewarding to get better (for example finally beating that one friend who always was better than you in a 1v1)
Smash will always be one of my favorite games, but Ultimate brought every single character back and even brought some characters no one would believe there would be here (like Ridley or Piranha Plant). It has some graphic violence, but it's not a problem because it's cartoonish and mild, and there's no blood or gore. It has some in-app purchases, with some Mii Fighter costumes and some very good fighters. Each fighter comes with a stage and some music. Overall, I think every Nintendo fan should play Smash.
Amazing game if there is one thing I would add it would be Hornet the hollow knight and the knight from hollow knight
This Game is awesome, but the World of Light Story Mode takes FOREVER, and some kids might get bored of the same thing over and over again. But I think they will enjoy playing as new characters, and they have different fighting style, so they won't get ultimately bored. See what I did there?
If you like platformers and you like fighting games