 then this is the perfect game for you. unless your a big fan of zelda, kirby, wario, ect.
very mild cartoony violence.
Holy moly this game is awesome. With 75 characters (not including echo fighters) and tons of content, this is my favorite game. Being a fighting game, it’s obviously gonna have violence, but it’s really cartoony. Not a single drop of blood in sight for a million miles. The online is laggy at times, but mostly solid. I love this game so much. But there are some things that may be iffy for some parents. Some characters like Joker (not from Batman), Solid snake, Terry (because of another character called mai) and especially Bayonetta are from games that are M rated or not and have slightly inappropriate things, so a kid may be curios. Also, the learning curve is steep, so if you’re behind, chances are you aren’t catching up unless you have a ton of time. But other than that, it’s awesome. NeVer mINd WaLuIGi isN’T iN tHiS 0/10 WoRSt gAMe LitERaLly UNplAYaBLe. (In case you couldn’t tell, that last bit was a joke)
Fun fighting game with lots of fun characters. There all some female characters in kind of thin clothing but if you count that as sexual Nintendo games aren’t for you. Online is an option.
It's the 5th fighting game in the series. Smash Bros started out as crossover game from multiple different video game properties from Nintendo in 1999. By the 3rd game which was rated T they added 2 characters from 2 different companies. Sonic the Hedgehog who is owned by SEGA and Snake who is owned by Konami. You might know Sonic but probably not Snake. Snake comes from Metal Gear Solid. It's a more mature franchise. After that characters from other companies got in smash. The characters that get in are ones that deserve it not characters from games that are popular at the time and are trending. Those get in. In the story mode characters are fighting for a good reason. It's the only way out of the problem. It's not a justification. They are going up against 2 cosmic being beings. Characters appearing in the game come from both family friendly franchises and mature franchises. Each franchise shown in the game has had it's dark parts before. The game was made for fans of these properties. There is no character better than the other in any way. They all fight differently. It depends on the player. Who get to fight on locations from many different properties and 3 stages that originate from Smash Bros. You could choose what song plays during the fight. All characters have alternate costumes. Some stages have hazards. You can have items appear on the stage. The settings for a match are pretty well done. DLC which is something you can buy. It's 5.99 on Nintendo Eshop. Comes with character, music, stage and spirirts, Spirits are badges that give you special abilities based on what character the badge is