 based on which usually they are non playable characters in the game. Spirit fights is also something in story mode. Majority of the franchises are from Japan, The DLC pack 1 has been fully revealed. At this point the second has not revealed what characters. Only thing revealed for the 2nd pass is the franchise that the first character is from. The characters in game are good role models. They don't show here a lot but from the games they originate from they do. The villains also have sympathy. Miis used to be characters that you create on older Nintendo consoles of your family, friends or even a character. In Smash you can use them as fighters. There are 3 types of fighters the can be. You can give them costumes based on franchises shown in smash or a neutral costume. You can chose their move set and their voice. The game has lots of nostalgia for old and young fans of the properties represented. The game has a happy but gritty look to the characters. Some may look cute and silly but they are shown as if they were ready to fight. The game has cartoon logic and there is no blood. The concept of death is never referenced unless it's shown in the background of some stage, spirit, character, song or costume. Usually that originates from a more mature franchise shown in the game and sometimes not. There is a James Mcloud spirit badge who is the father of Fox Mcloud from the StarFox franchise by Nintendo. In the StarFox game James is betrayed and killed. Fox grows up to be as great as his father and fights for good in a group called StarFox with his friends. The group that betrayed James is now StarWolf and is connected with the antagonist Andross. Super Smash Bros.'s title also references the Super Mario Bros. Mario is the mascot of Nintendo and Luigi is his brother. It's a homage not marketing. If it were marketing it would not include as many references as Smash Bros has.. It's homage to these properties shown in Smash. The questions from commonsense media for your kids are good but they put some questions that would need true commonsense to answer. Like the one about violence in games. There is a reason they are in story mode. Smash Bros is technically an interdimensional tournament. Kind of like a karate tournament.
Sorry, I had to do it. Jokes aside tho, this is an amazing game to play, not to mention it is the biggest smash game yet. It is a very good game to play with your friends if you have some spare time, and I enjoy finding tricks to smash em out of the stage! It is very enjoyable, especially if you are a major smash or Nintendo fan. I would definitely recommend! Age wise, 9+. Because the entire point is violence. But seriously common sense, 1 star sexual content because they wear “skintight outfits?!”
This game