 is so good! The easy to use controls (that can be remapped), it isn’t to hard to master competitive gameplay, and is is generally fun. But there are two things that make this 11+. 1.) The “Ouendan Cheerleaders” spirit, the Ouendan Cheerleaders have very revealing outfits, a little too revealing for younger children, but the same could be said for, 2.) The Bayonetta series, the Bayonetta series has some... questionable game design, but in smash, the only thing to worry about is when Bayonetta smash attacks, her outfit gets a bit revealing. (Enough to get the Smash 4 rating to “Suggestive Themes”) But that’s pretty much it.
This game has no blood or gore, this game if cartoonish and fun, but, reason 1, some characters do wear tight or revealing clothing but that’s just a few characters, most of them aren’t, reason 2, this game is a little complex, it’s takes a lot of practice to be good but over time the game gets easy for you, and reason 3 is an optional thing but if you have the Nintendo Switch Online app, then you can voice chat which isn’t a problem for older kids, I know I sound like an adult but it’s all the truth, this game overall is still very fun and I enjoy playing it, this game can be up to 8 players on one tv, which makes a good party game and the story (World Of Light) is a beautiful story You start of as Kirby and your saving characters, I don’t wanna say to much and ruin the story, Hope my review helps
This game not my cup of tea it is a boring game and really frustrating. But if you like fighting game you will like Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. Just not my game.
Pit your favourite childhood characters against each other and have them beat the crap out of each other. Perfect. In, a serious note, there is nothing to be concerned about apart from maybe some details on a few characters (looking at you bayonetta).
This game is one of the best games ever and is a must have for switch owners!! The reason I think it's 10 and up is because of how complicated the controls are but other than that it is a true gem!
A great fun fighting game that everyone can pick up and enjoy. Really fun with alot of recognizable characters! BTW there's no blood Karen!
If you're looking to have some fun with different video game universes, this is the game for you.
It's a really violent game but there's no blood.And believe it or not fighting games are really good for you.
THIS. GAME. IS. AWESOME! If you have a Nintendo Switch, you should DEFINITELY get this game! It was 100% worth the wait! Being a fighting game and all, it of course has violence, but it's pretty slapstick and not realistic. There are a few characters from M-Rated games, for example: Snake from Metal Gear Solid, Joker from Persona 5, Bayonetta