 from..............Bayonetta. But there's no swearing or blood. Joker uses an actual gun, and I DO mean an actual gun, not a cartoony one, like an actual pistol. (Though to be fair, in Persona 5, it's just an airsoft gun that turns into a real one when you go into the Metaverse), but again there's no blood so there's nothing to worry about. Characters DO explode in Stamina Mode once they get K.O'd but don't worry, they're fine once the match ends as they're seen clapping for the victor (well, some of them. the Ice Climbers just cry.) And in World of Light, characters are seen getting disintegrated by Galeem's beams, and in Dharkon's bad ending, Mario just straight up DIES. (Again, no blood but it could scare younger players) and I don't mean a cartoony death where he falls off the screen like in regular Mario games, I mean he gets on his knees and then collapses. It then cuts to static after this happens, which again could scare or at the very least unsettle younger players. It also has a pretty large roster, ranging from good guys like Mario, Kirby, Link, Sonic the Hedgehog, Samus, Banjo and Kazooie, Marth, Hero. ETC. and evildoers like Bowser, Ridley, Ganondorf, King Dedede, Mewtwo (I don't know if Mewtwo is exactly EVIL or not). There's one move that Ridley has where he literally impales his opponent with his sharp tail, and again while there's no blood as I mentioned prior, it's still pretty violent. Overall, you should definitely try this game!
Probably the most violent yet kid-friendly you can get
Huge smash fan since brawl
This is NOT inappropriate/violent WHATSOVER!
Great for many
Amazing
A great fighting game.
SSBU Review
My sister can play
Best In The Series So Far!
This Game Couldn't Get Better
Super Smash Fun
Fun.
BEST SWITCH GAME, I wish I could give it more than 5 stars
Best game I have ever played.
A great battle with no blood!
It is amazing game that you should play
Literal perfection
Everyone is here!
Worth it!
Great competitive game with suggestive themes and violence.
The game itself is really good and super addicting! A bunch of video game characters coming together to duke it out and fight each other! However, for a Nintendo game, there are quite a few things you can find that could be seen as “not for kids”. While 85% of the game can be seen as kid friendly, the other 15% falls straight into the iffy zone. VIOLENCE AND OTHER FREAKY STUFF- Of course, characters do fight each other, so that’s something you might want to look out for. Many characters use all assortments of weapons such as swords, hammers, fire, and even a few guns here and there. However, this game isn’t like Mortal Kombat, Grand Theft Auto, or some other thing, Characters don’t bleed out or decapitated or even remotely injured with other characters attack them. Most of the time, all that happens is that they disappear into a blast of white light (with confetti!), so no blood and gore there. You have no need