 to worry about any characters getting gutted or other such. However, one fighter character that gets a special mention is a dinosaur like character known as “Ridley”. The character resemble a thin, skeletal like dragon, and his appearance is a stark contrast to all the other fighters you can play as, being far more grim and gritty in appearance. Most of Ridley’s moves consist of jabbing with a sharp barb on his tail, one of those moves even consisting of the character impaling the enemy. One of Ridley’s “victory animations” include him clawing at some unseen object (or potentially even person) on the ground before menacingly looking at the camera. While all of this is kept bloodless and kid-friendly (no blood or gore is ever seen around Ridley’s moves or animations), Ridley is definitely pushing the boundaries of what can be considered kid-friendly. Another thing worth mentioning pertaining to violence is the game’s story mode, which is named “World of Light”. The opening cutscene to the story consists of one of the main antagonists, named Galeem, blasting rays of light at all of the fighters which proceeds to kill them, with only one character managing to be the only survivor of this attack. This can definitely be seen as upsetting, especially seeing all your favorite characters get burnt to crisp. Again, this all done without any bloodshed, and the characters can get revived if you beat them, but it’s still can be heart wrenching seeing the likes of Mario and the Inklings get killed, albeit temporarily. Another thing to note about Galeem is that the character has appearance of being a bright orb surrounded by white wings, giving itself an almost angelic appearance. This could lead to some believing that Galeem is a “good guy” or a good rolemodel. However, the things Galeem commits is far from good natured, so it should be important to inform your kids that Galeem is the “bad guy” and should be the one you should get rid of. Another character worth mentioning is a character named “Dharkon”, which appears later the game. Dharkon is given the appearance of an eyeball surrounded by a mass of black and purple tentacles. Yeah. The appearance of this character can very easily be seen as scary or frightening, so you should definitely take note of him. The appearance of Dharkon is something parents should definitely look out for. Relating to the character above, the appearance of Dharkon is also where the game introduces some rather freaky characters that serve as bosses. The three bosses are known as Dracula, Ganon, and Marx. Dracula is a vampire that ends up turning into a freaky creature after the player defeats one of his phases, so it’s easy for kids to see him as frightening. Ganon is...another freaky creature that can appear as scary or frightening. There isn’t much one can say about him, but do now that the battle against the creature takes place on a flaming environment, so that’s something