 to take in mind. Marx is a creature that appears cute and cuddly at first, but soon transforms into a winged beast. While the character itself has a very kid friendly design, some attacks of the creature include itself splitting in half to create a black hole, turning its eyes into black sockets and ripping them out to attack the player, and even turning its wings into veins. Marx is another one of those characters that pushes the boundaries of being kid-friendly, so be warned. There are also several obtainables within the game known as “spirits“, which are the spirits of other Nintendo characters. Some of the designs of these characters can be seen as disturbing, but they aren’t something major to the game. SEXUALITY- Don’t worry. No actual sex takes place in the game (thank god). However, some characters have some...questionable outfits, so do keep that in mind. Some characters include Palutena, Zero Suit Samus, and Bayonetta. Some spirits also have very questionable outfits, but do keep in mind that spirits do not have much of a major role in the game, so you should be safe. CONSUMERISM- In the real world, there are things known as “Amiibos” that can be used in the game, so there’s definitely quite a bit of consumerism in that respect. There are also some characters that can only be obtained through microtransactions, so be aware of that as well. DIFFICULTY- The game has very user-friendly controls. It doesn’t take anymore than an hour or two to get used to things! However, some spirits in the game have been known to be very challenging to obtain. While spirits are strictly optional and have no real impact outside of story mode or battles that allow spirits (heck, I’m pretty sure you can go through the entire game without knowing they exist), do know that there are some challenges the player has to complete in order to get these spirits. These challenges range from incredibly easy to disgustingly hard, so do be aware that there can be some frustrations trying to obtain those spirits. Also, it’s a fighting game, so you can expect some frustrations to start popping up. SAFTEY AND PRIVACY- There’s a mode where players can challenge other players online, so obviously, safety and privacy is going to be an issue for some people. However, over all, Smash Bros is really just fun, wholehearted game about characters battling each other, all without bloodshed! It’s a fighting game that can attract all types of ages, even if there are a few bumps in the road. Overall, it’s a fun game!
It is an amazing game truly amazing you can play as all your favorite characters it is absolutely amazing BUT there are characters to buy if you want but it is a dlc
This is a great game to play with your friends and family. There is absolutely no blood, or anything like that. You will NOT regret paying $60 for this game.
It's a good game Fun