 for all ages, though I would reccomend if you're an overprotective parent, wait till 10
This game is so good there is violence but no blood. My 6 year old cousin is able to play easily. The only concern for little kids is one character called Bayonetta. Her clothes are literally made from her hair and she uses it for attacks. Its heavily censered but just keep little kids away from her
Contains some fantastic violence.
I just got this game for Christmas and it's an amazing game. I haven't played Super Smash Bros since the 3DS. The adventure mode is a called "World of Light" where Kirby has to rescue his friends from an enemy named "Galeem" who is trying to create a new world. You get new fighters by defeating them in battle. There's also a mechanic called Spirits which you use to get boosts. The spirits are from different franchises (Pokemon, Animal Crossing, Mach Rider, etc) It's cartoonish so there's no blood or gore. There, of course, is violence in the game but it's not bad whatsoever. I never noticed any sexual outfits or anything, but it doesn't mean it's not there. You'll get used to the controls and if you're new to this, I recommend going to the Nintendo website to learn how to play.
my sister who just turned 6 can play without any trouble.
I got this game on my birthday and ive played it up to 170 hours! The graphics are amazing for a smash bros game and in crisp hd, There Are Over 70 characters (this will be long xd) like mario, donkey kong, link, kirby, pikachu, fox, samus, dark samus, luigi, captain falcon, ness, jigglypuff, peach, daisy, bowser, roy, marth, dr. Mario, pichu, ganondorf, zelda, sheik, chrom, and thats not even half of them! My jaw dropped when i saw there was over 103 flippin stages! Theres this story mode called world of light where all of the spirits of characters have dissapeard except one and you have to save them from The Evil Galeem and Dharkon! U start off as kirby but you can unlock characters along the way as well as collecting spirits ( which non playable characters who help you on your journey), solving puzzles, and fighting bosses. It takes up to 30 hours to atleast 100% the story mode and it can be hard fighting spirits like pauline, the boss, calamity ganon and a few more. Theres other modes in the game like online which you play with people around the world, classic mode which you fight different characters while trying to get a high score, home run contest where you damage a punching bag and whack it with a bat and see how far it can go, and more! Although you start with only 8 characters, you can unlock them on the way! I honestly think would be a little tough for younger kids but if some help or alot of practice, its a blast! Btw, you can play with other