 people up to 8 characters 100% buy it if your kid wants a switch or u have enough money to but it yourself.
This game is amazing it has fairly good graphics and is so diappointing that it is only the Switch. You can chose from 75 characters that all have deferent personalities and abilities. You chose one to fight your friends or CPUs with. You unlock more amazing characters along the way and it only takes a couple of minutes to learn the controls. The voilence is all cartoon and no blood or anything is shown. Some chacters wear revealing clothes though, something you might want to stare at. But overall this game is for kids not tweens and up and everybody deserves to play it.
This is a fighting game, but it is in no way bloody or gorey. It is only cartoonish. It's really fun to train and play against friends, and involves more strategy than most games for this age range.
This game is sorta good. I'm 9 and i play this game every day before (and after) school and it's really fun. Of course it has mild, cartoony violence like every SSB game but this one is pretty good. Sometimes i even invite my friends from school to play this game on my new Switch!
It's is so so so so soooo good. I think there aren't many not obvious concerns, like yes it is a fighting game but it isn't that violent compared to others. There is 1 character that can be put in suggestive clothing and there is paid DLC that kids might buy but other than that it is so good
Totally worth the money (which is 80$). My all time favourite videogame. Controls are easy to learn, but hard to master. A vast array of characters and stages. If you ever get to play, you’ll understand what I mean.
This game is really good! It's like a fighter game but with more fighters to choose from and no blood! One that is kinda not appropriate is the tight clothing for bayonetta and zero suit samus... that might of been token a tiny bit too far
It has a bit of vilens here and there like a character geting hit by a wepens and stuff but it is cartoony so that it is not as bad. plus there is no blood or gore in the game. the most vilent thing you can do is thouth a bom at some one then see them filying in the back grownd.
The title says it all
Smash bros ultimate is the best smash bros in the franchise. With 72 characters and over 100 stages, it's a good multiplayer game. But it's a fighting game, so you will have to attack opponents with swords, guns, and other weapons on characters. No swearing diolauge is founded when I played it, and the controls is easy to use. Warning: Some smash bros characters originated from T or M rated games.
This game is quite expensive, but worth it.