 for kids. Not only is there brief nudity (in one of the many endings) but there is implied sex. While the whole walking around in underwear isn't that big of a deal seeing that Jodie is wearing a shirt and you see worse at the beach, there are scenes that definitely aren't for kids 14 and under. I thought fifteen would be a good age seeing as they are most likely already in high school and exposed to many things.
this game besides its somewhat extremly innapropite game has the beautful storyline and acting and visuals enough to be an oscar award winning film
From quantum dreams, Beyond two souls really impressed me as i was a big fan of heavy rain, i hoped high for David cage and i enjoyed every second of this game. This has action but be warned it is extremely creepy and scary with a couple of jump scares. I got really annoyed with the way it went forward and back in time but you'll understand the story.Is it better than Heavy Rain? NO! Heavy rain has a better story and controls but Jodie (Ellen Page) in beyond two souls CANNOT die. Still, exceptional execution of gameplay.
this is basically a point and click adventure though it has many themes this is fiction like and supernatural so unrealistic things happen like the paranormal friend in the game
Ok so this game might seem bad at a first glance... It truly isn't. Although there is a lot of cussing in the game. Blood is in very small cuts and large "gore" as you would call it rarely happens and I am yet to see it happen. The violence is happening often but mostly it is fighting with your entity against other entity's. Even with fighting with Jodie, the main character, it's normally fist fighting and a gun is very rarely in her hand. Sexual activity is at a low even though some people would say otherwise. All in all this is an utterly amazing game. The game makes you feel emotional along with the characters and makes you feel IN the game. Amazing cut scenes, action, and visuals are great and I think that this game is great for kids.
This Game is very good but not for young kids it has violence and kissing but not really any sex. You can cause much damage with Aiden (Jodie's inside friend) and you fight a lot as Jodie as well. This is a amazing game with an amazing story an I'm sure many people will love it.
good game, Good Things,Great Story, Fantastic Graphics, Really Emotional,Ellen Page Bad Things, Combat Hard to understand, your character is invincible some bad acting