 BEST. GAME. EVER.
A must have Smash Bros game for everyone out there!
Great game.
Anyone can play!
Rating says it all
Fun brawler for groups with plenty of single player content too
BEST GAME EVERRR
uhhhh yeah
ULTIMATE
A revolutionary game with a few problems
Awesome brawler game.
Best Smash Game
The best one yet?
Honestly. Amazing!
best smash game ever
too good to be true
It's Fine
I suggest buying
A Fighting Game That Isn't What You Expect.
Basically, this is the best game that any company could possibly put out. It's total perfection.
Being a Smash Bros veteran from 64, I own every Smash game there is: from 64, Melee, Brawl to Wii U/3DS until I adored Ultimate. The final installment title to the series hyped so many people including me. Purchased the European Special Edition pack with a fancy box, game case, GC controller, and adapter for 200 Bucks. I generally love to use the Gamecube controller as my wise choice of competetive gameplay (though I'm going to purchase a Wireless USB connector via compatibility with my Wii U Pro controller) and I main Male Corrin as my powerhouse fighter. For eased gaemplay, I generally play as Joker, Chrom or the rest of the AweSomE cast: Marth, Ike, Shulk, Robin, Pit, Dark Pit, Lucina, Reflet, and Roy. Though these fighters from the Fire Emblem, Kid Icarus, and Xenoblade series use swords, bows, and spell tomes, minimal violence is indulged. Thier Final Smashes are perfect and I absolutely adore snapping pictures for each fighter. Features that I dearly sorrow over are several points that were completely transformed from the previous games. Felt extremely miffed about the pause screen where I can no longer train/lock the camera on a selected fighter, cycling through the L/R buttons to optically zoom at. Instead I get this full feature of the stage while I blandly have to scope in on a certain fighter slo mo. I then grew used to it, feeling mildly comfortable after a short interval of despisement. Another thing that I absolutely miss are the trophies. They have transformed into spirits now, providing absolute ZERO background information on a franchised character. Through I enjoy every bit of Smash Ultimate, I hope to create "Smash Wars" a spin off fan game that revolves around the Smash TV trope groups: Cute Toot House, Hot Topic Krew, MemeMemeMemeBrigade, Yoshi&amp;Co., and finally Team Aquila that battle over a plethora of ridiculed based plots to conquer Future Europe (Archanea) Not gonna fall into specific details but hoping to see it there one day. Back to Ultimate, it's a 5 star title for everyone to play. Though I gave it a 4 star due to the disappointing features, I eventually grew used to it and sometimes play it on a weekly basis. Also, about the fun tourneys to attend. Gotta check it out. ;)
Cool game with a cool community. i've put more than 40 hours into the game, the only problem someone might have is that people punch each-other, or that you can buy extra characters with DLC. (You get a full game with