 no dlc but having extra characters is nice)
There is nothing bad about this game, other than the occasional characters with small guns (Bayonetta, Snake, Joker, etc.). There is violence, (the main point of the game) but no blood, gore, or anything disgusting. In the game, the fighting is more of a “tournament” than a “mission to hurt”, as you can see the fighters that have lost the game clapping for the winner at the end of a match. Clearly a must-have for any Switch owner.
The epitome of a five star game. Fast paced, but not like melee. Every character is strong, so comebacks are very real and you have to always be on your guard. No one character is broken (maybe Peach, but I main her, so no complaints here) and the roster has everyone you wanted, except Waluigi. This game is really good with friends, and it will make you laugh, celebrate, and generally have fun. It’s my favorite game, and it probably will be yours too if you buy it. Thanks, Sakurai.
SSBU is packed to the brim with content and features characters spanning generations from Pac Man, to Donkey Kong, to Mario, to Sonic, to Snake, to Cloud, to Ryu, to Bayonetta, it has it all. Though Bayonetta may be a little risque and there is definitely cartoonish violence, I don't see why an 8 or 9 year old couldn't play it.
This game basically requires a lot of practice to get good at. When you get good at it. Then you'll be a god at.
just look at bayonetta why is she too thicc but this is the ULTIMATE game
The game is SO GOOD. There are over 70 characters in the game with more coming in the DLC. Great 3rd party characters like cloud strife from final fantasy 7 and solid snake from metal gear solid make the game even more fun. Up to 8 players can play together, and the controls are easy to understand but hard to master. There are around 1300 collectable spirits in the game as well as mii fighter costumes music trackd and more so lots and lots of collectables are available. Plus it has a good story mode called world of light. overall buy this game if you are getting or have a switch.
When I first played this game, I was blown away. I had played Smash Wii U before, but Ultimate takes the cake. There is a crazy amount of characters, old and new, and ridiculous amounts of stages! The adventure mode is really awesome, and a great way to get to know a lot of the characters and their abilities. I do have a few problems with a few of these characters; one of which is Zero Suit Samus. Parents, you might want to take a look at this character and see what you think. ZSS is the woman behind the armor of Samus, without an arm cannon and with a paralyzer gun. However, ZSS' outfit is a nearly skin-tight jumpsuit,