 which is bad on its own. There are two alternate appearances of her in her UNDERWEAR!!! I mean, there are no "boobs" shown, but her midrif his unbelievably exposed, bellybutton and detail on skin. The top is triangular, and she has really short shorts. This is my top resistance against Ultimate. Other characters I don't like are Bayonetta (a really seductive-type woman fighter), Phosphora (an assist trophy with very immodest clothing), and several fighter boosts called Spirits, some of which are immodest woman. I was really disappointed by these discoveries, and I can only hope that Nintendo doesn't add any more fighters like this. But I will end this with something positive: I have some of the most fun ever playing multiplayer with my friends and family. Get the game, but avoid Zero Suit Samus, Bayonetta, and any bad woman Spirits.
This is in my opinion the greatest game in the franchise. The main concept is fighting, but super cartoony and it never shows any blood or gore. A couple of characters have questionable outfits, but these can be easily avoided by just choosing a different outfit. You can think of this game as a very fast paced King of the Hill game. The goal is to hit your enemy enough times so they get damaged, then you try to “Smash” them off the screen.
Being a professional Smash Bros. Player, I know a thing or two about how these games work. I know for a fact that this game exceeded everyone’s expectations, mine included, by a long shot. I believe that anyone can pick this up and play, and because of the mobility the switch has, this game has a huge longevity. I’m so happy to be playing this game and recommend it to everyone. The characters all come from my favorite games, and some from games I’ve never heard of. I’m now a huge fan of Fire Emblem thanks to this game! While it’s not exactly a GOOD message, what, with the characters fighting each other and all, but most of these characters have inspired kids and influenced them in a good way. 10/10, won’t ever stop playing.
Possibly the best Smash title after Melee. Amazing story mode and game play overall.
I got SSBU for Christmas, and I kid you not, it is fantastic! It has all of the characters from past SSB games and a few newbies, such as inkling from Splatoon. Classic mode returns, and the new World of Light quest is really good too! VIOLENCE: What parents need to know is that it is obviously a fighting game, but no blood or gore is present. SCARINESS: Personally, I don’t find it scary, but some younger players might get upset at things like Bayonetta’s final smash where she summons a demon, the Fatal Frames assist trophy, or some of the final enemies in classic mode . Also, they may get a bit upset as to why cute characters such as Jigglypuff or Kirby are getting beaten up. SEXY STUFF: