 Pretty much none is present, though some characters’ outfits may be ‘appealing’ to some, if you know what I mean. CONSUMERISM: A lot. It’s a game with loads of characters from different franchises, what do you expect? OVERALL: I rate it five stars and for children ten and up, as long as they are ok with violence and the very occasional slightly scary moment, and I also think in World of Light, Kirby is a good role model wanting to save his friends. Hope this helped you decide! ??
for kind of dumb parents, this is NOT the same as any other smash games. that said, this is an amazing game wether you love smash, mario, donkey kong, etc. if you have a switch you should totally buy this game.
nintendo really did THE ULTIMATE job here
This game is extremely fun! There is no gore or blood, the game features cartoon violence. Players can play as all the way from Mario to Pikachu to sonic. The game features fighting as its main point but to knockout others you must hit them off the edge. It is fine and very fun.
Now. This is honestly the best game in the series yet. Its a fighting game. Of course. But no blood or gore! The game can supply you with hours of fun! Defiently a must buy
First of all, sometimes the master review is just downright stupid, like if they searched "what's in a fighting game?" on Google. There is almost no violence in this game, and characters that do use fists have a single, 2 second move. I don't think 9 year-old Billy is gonna start beating up his friends because Mario did it. There is no blood in the entire game, and the adventure mode is about saving characters, like a Mario game. Yet that is not okay, and PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, with guns, and blood gets the same rating by the master review? Anyways, gameplay is pretty fun. Items change fights entirely, so it becomes more random. Overall, I give it 7+ because although fighting, in the Adventure mode, it's to save good guys, and it isn't violent in or out of the Adventure mode.
THE TRUE PAAAAAAAAAARTY!
Best Game Ever!
Me and my dad play this all the time!
OK GUYS FORGET WHAT I SAID ABOUT BRAWL
The Ultimate Brawl
It's fine
Nintendo does it again!
This game is amazing.
Really fun game.
Even more amazing than the WiiU version
Suitable for 5+
Banging for a Buck
Good Game But Has A Dark Lore in the story mode
Outstanding
Great game music and gameplay story EVERYTHING IS HERE sorry I had to. With over 70 fighters and more with DLC it's fun for everyone
Best game ever! This game will keep kids entertained on the switch. This game has so much that will never keep your kids bored. For young kids it might be scary and they might not get the concept. There will be DLC which you do have to pay for.
This is a really fun game, now the controls might sound bad at first but after