 awhile, you get used to it, and even if your not the biggest fan of fighting games, all the characters control like their game series counterparts so there's a good chance you'll enjoy it if you are a fan of Nintendo games.
brawl was too casual for me, and THIS IS THE MOST BEST THING SAKURAI GIVES US, THAT MAD MAN GIVES US EVERYTHING, *aka, fan service* WE GOT EVERY CHARACTER, DIRECTIONAL AIR DODGING, A WAY TO REMATCH UNLOCKS, AND MORE, I HAVE NOTHING TO EXPLAIN
Super Smash Bros Ultimate is the latest entry in a 20-year-old series where classic video game characters fight it out in an incredibly fun and unique fighter game. This version is truly the ULTIMATE edition of this game. There is a lot of options for local multiplayer, so that you can play with friends and family easily. The story mode can last for a long time if you want it to, and promotes the message that the only true way to have peace is to eliminate both light and dark. I've played this game for a while now, and I haven't even completed it, but this game can draw in new players and veterans alike. Overall, a really good game.
It's a great game, don't get me wrong. AI is decent, and online play is okay I guess? The online is incredibly laggy and nearly unplayable. I'll press a button and it'll have a slight delay (only online.) It leaves me frustrated. It's a great beat em up game with no blood nor gore and sweet looking Nintendo characters. The AI is great, it doesn't have all the problems that online does except for the awful maps. It's an amazing game.
Smash Bros. Ultimate is an upgrade ever since the first smash bros. in the late 90's. If you want a fun multiplayer without any blood, this game is for you. Sometimes it can be hard(depending how good you are), but you still know you're having a good time. Also, world of light. a really good smash mode and one of, if not, the best. a really good nintendo crossover fighting game better than ever. 10/10
Trust me, buy this game. It's worth the $59.99 you're paying. It has Nintendo characters, lots of content, online play (without voice chat), Adventure and Classic mode, and if you register the game before the 31st of January 2019, you get a special character. Make sure you're on the account. In 2-10 days, you'll get the code. When getting the code, put the code on the eShop. This game is so fun!
I would recommend this game to both new Smash players and returning fans of the franchise. This is the Switch's adaptation of the Smash Bros. Series, and it certainly does live up to the hype. There are fighters from many games such as Mario Bros., Donkey Kong, Legend of Zelda, Mega Man, Streetfighter, Earthbound, Pokemon, Fire Emblem, Xenoblade, Animal Crossing, Kid Icarus, Kirby, Castlevania, and other titles. The gameplay is fun, the