 This game is great!!!
Kids 12+ should play this. The gore isn’t major. The blood is black like in the lord of the rings. Ashen is a great alternative to Dark Souls. There are scary parts of the game, but the art style kinda lessens the creepiness. The art is stunning and it is simply a fun game to play. It is not quite as hard as dark souls but it has a learning curve.
new but not better
good, but not very suitable for people who are really into video games and basically are addicted to 'em
More mature than Just Cause 3
Boring sequel that offers nothing new to the main game.
Fixing Rico's hair
Suitable for anyone above the age of 12
Get this game!!!!
Parents need to read!
No blood rare s-words just lots of epic explosions
i haven't played just cause 4
Downgraded GTA
Worth your time, and for kids!
Not bad
It was free on Epic Games
Very disappointing
Great game!
Great game
Ok for 11 and up
PARENTS NEED TO READ THIS
there is way more things to do, use,blow up but the physics engine is practically broken ragdoll will throw you everywhere also if you want to play this game for its epic story and and amazing plotline then don't bother getting out your wallet , go buy just cause 3 also the game has a lot of violence (duh) and its fare share of swearing plus I wouldn't want rico to be the role model for my kids.
you see, it's probably good for 10+-11+, but you have to tell your child the concept of video games for them not to get vulgar. if your child has a console, get just cause THERE because you could see what is he/she is doing, overall a great game, you could turn off voices so you dont hear the swear words, however, it's really realistic, though dead bodies disappear after a while and it's not that bad. little to no blood, and really fun free for all game...
The game's violence (again) is no worse than the Avengers. The swearing consists of a few f--ks and s--ts and ass as well as other minor profanities. The game is fun however.
Just Cause 4 is a plain disappointment. It's boring, and unlike Just Cause 3, it adds nothing new to the series accept for sandbox tools to create your own fun that is optional and boring. Progression is bland and there's no reason to care about these new vehicles and tools to unlock, since there's no reason to use them. Just Cause 4 has more violence but same amount of blood as Just Cause 3. More comical and funny violence and a decent story. Close to the end of the game, characters start using f-words;"F**k him up Rico!", "Take this you non-alien motherf#!ker!", "Don't f#!k with the scorpion!" and, "You f#!king crazy!"One side mission has the protagonist replying in an "oh" moment. He replies with: "Oh f#!k!" At the beginning of the game the main character says a few uses of "$h!t" when his equipment is broken and when