 he lands on to an environmental hazard: "Aaah,$h!t!" and "$h!t!!!"
when I saw the ad for just cause 3 and thought the game would be amazing, I bought the game and have not stopped playing it since when it came out, there is always something you can do once you have finished the game. but now that just cause 4 has come out I am loving it more than any other game, but there is one problem. after a long time playing just cause 3, I had a new favorite character, Rico. when I heard just cause 4 was coming out I thought the makers would make Rico look more Like a hero or cooler looking. but when I got the game his hair was the worst!!! I hated that my favorite game and character has gone worse from just cause 3 to just cause 4. please change him, make him more hero like. thanks! But i'm still loving your game!!!
This game is a blast, I have about 24ish hours on record, but there is a ton of violence. Blood isn't really present, but there are some times where people will drop dead in their own blood. When people "die" they don't die too graphically, they just kinda fall, and their eyes stay open, almost like they're sleeping. Drugs aren't really present, but in the campaign, Rico, and some others take a few beers, and I think one shot of Vodka in a cutscene; cursing happens more within cutscenes then anything else, but there really isn't that heavy of cursing within it. I don't think there is any role models, or positive messages.
In just cause 4, you play as Rico Rodriguez, and you are on a mission to liberate the map. Violence 6/10: The violence is constant, but not all that graphic. Players use lots of weapons to creativity kill human enemy's. The result, LOTS of mindless killing. It can be a little bit bloody, but never graphic. Language 5/0 - 8/10: infrequent use of the F and S word.
Just Cause 4 has a lot of language and a lot of blood. But if your child is mature and knows the difference between real life and video games than they should be ok.
I may not know and play just cause 4 ( yet ) but i played and have just cause 2 since its a 15 in the uk in america is a M ( M is 18 ) for now i'm gonna say 12
This game is basiclly downgraded GTA, both in terms of fun and maturity. There are some pretty grusome scenes, involving both enemies and civilians, ranging from blood spatter to screaming. Would not recommend if you are sensative to violence. In terms of gameplay, the missions are fun, but it gets fairly repetative after a while... I would only buy if it's heavily discounted.
So, the rating is way over exaggerated by common sense. When I first got it, it was amazing, 3 months in, never got bored. I