 The game is awesome, I don't know where common sense media was going with the age rating
Amazing!
Fantastic solid Action-packed Avengers game protrays teamwork
Common Sense Media rated this one incorrectly. It's amazing, but they said 14+ which is not true. The game has some violence, mild language, but no blood or sex.
This game is soooo good. It is for older kids with a few scary faces, and violence but no blood as I remember. It pursues Teamwork as players will team up and work together to defeat evil! The game has great graphics, story, and roster. The DLC isn't too expensive and because I havent bought it yet, I presume it will be amazing as the main game is awesome. not gonna lie, the game is VERY hard for kids. All aside, great game.
Parents need to know that Marvel Ultimate Alience 3 is the third game in the Ultimate Alience Franchise. But unlike the others this is its own standalone threequel. The story is about the infinity stones and to stop thanos with your own Alience like in Infinity War and Endgame. In order to stop Thanos Teamwork and messages are key in order to stop thanos with excellent role models. Living up to a Marvel game be ready for lots of superpowered Sci-Fi Combat with intense confrontations players turning to dust. Plus once a character on your side gets knocked out than it happens in a climatic intense sequence commonly. There is a bit of blood in fights but it is generally the Sci-Fi space fights that show. There is some rude humor with a few uses of stupid and idiot also some reveling outfits but nothing that bad. But along with Exellent role models and amazing messages and this is a fantastic game that lots of gamers should play. The controls are easy but the bosses can lead to raging when knocked out a lot.
Good game but can be a bit shaky.
Wonderful sandbox game with strong emphasis on social interaction
This game has an in-game store where you can buy items for real money. It has a language filter but 1. There is an easily accessible option to turn it off, and 2. People have found ways to get around the language filter (say bad words and not get it filtered out). Other than that, this is a pretty good game.
It's a great game. It's main aspect is the emphasis on social interaction. It is surely an upside, but could easily turn into a downside without parental supervision. I believe that kids older than 12 are mature enough to play the game it was meant to be played - finding friends, building worlds together, earning profit, etc. It's a powerful learning tool which could teach your child a bit about how economics work due to a complete player controlled economy in-game.
Probably one of the best games I have played
Great game although something too know is that near the end there is a pool of blood and lots of dead bodies