 would recommend this for ages 10 and up because of swearing, (s-word) and violence (blood clouds when you shoot someone, and also because you can kill innocent people)
Its not a bad game at all it is fun. There is just swearing and violence. Hardly ever a swear word.
Story stinks but the sandbox element OH BOY. You can connect explosive barrel to truck and truck explodes, you can rip off tv sattelite from walls and even climb mountians using hook.
I was a huge Just Cause 3 fan and was excited to see this come into stores. After the first couple of minutes I realized it would be nothing like the game I loved and remembered. Instead of being sent into a giant world on your own with massive bases to overthrow and a fairly simple upgrade system, you are tackled with a series of plain missions and very confusing upgrade and progression mechanics. The violence isn’t bad and could be handled by anyone 12 and over. If you are looking for a game you’ll really love then pick up Just Cause 3 instead.
It is easy but still has a lot of strategy. They swear quite a bit, but not all the time. It's pretty fun to just mess around with the NPCs and driving around and just doing looking around.
It does swear however very rarely.Common sense probably overshot the badness of the violence but there is still a lot.Its super fun to play and there are lots of missions that you can complete at any time
Just cause 4 is a really fun game and the violence is not bad there is some shooting here and there especially when to fight enemies. But it also shows wing suits and parasuits and teaches how a man Rico (the man character) is fighting the black hand for freedom and to leave them alone
I am kid and my parents thought that this game was bad till they learned that the violence is cartoonish and not bad if your kid cant get GTA or watch dogs this is a very friendly teenager game. Also all most no swearing. bearly any blood too.
Great! ( parents read )
Great game for kids advanced or intermediate gaming level
Best game on Ps4
Its ok
Take it from someone whos played the game
Not for young kids, perfect for teens though
This Game is incredible
Very Good Game
Violent but not enough so to warrant an 18 rating. Also, it has a spectacular open world.
Just cause 4
Awesome game for action loving people
Swearing is Almost Non Existant
Not violent just fun
So I have played all the just cause games. 1 and 2 may not be suitable but three and four definitely are. 4 does not have mindless violence and there is pretty much no blood. You also have to take down a project that is killing innocent. The team that manages it is the black hand which kills everyone is their path. Language is only in the story. 4 F***s which 2 of them are at the last mission. My