 little brother is 8 and never repeats the bad words said in the game. Their are around 6 shits and pretty much no other ones. Also some kids might not want to play the story as you have a grapple hook, wing suit, retracter, placeable balloons, booster, and a parachute. You can also unlock upgrades for those. And the game has many positive messages ( ex 1. you have to protect a city ). So overall I would recommend for 8+
The game is overall great, with great content and a great story, however it is fairly violent and with a couple swears, but its nothing a kid shouldnt be able to handle.
No idea why they gave it an 18+ rating. No gore. Only a very small amount of blood, no sex, just really, really fun.
I think a guy that has lived in this world for over 12 years understand that this is not real life.
this game is absolutely fine. its powers your creativity and helps people learn. my younger brother (who is 8 years) has played this game when it got released and hes gotton very smart. Everyone in my family was wondering what happend but he told us at a family dinner. he said that it was because of just cause 4. I wasint suprised because in just cause 4 you have to use math to complete almost every single level. He said that he does math on paper and it helps him get really good. it is not violent. its like minecraft meets johny depp. i say meets johny depp because there is a lot of explosions. I mean A LOT! There's barley any swear words. probly about 2-3 but there not even that bad ones. dont judge a book by its cover, this game may be rated m but its not that bad.
It is pretty violent at times, it also cintains occasional swears! No nudity for sexual content as far as I know from my 10 hours in
You can turn all voices off in settings if you don't want profanity. Also the only violence is mostly explosions and no limbs flying off or gushing blood. This would be a great game for kids 11 and up if they understand that is not real life.
I think that this is a very good game because of the open world design and fun game-play. The only thing that I do not like is that some of the missions are very similar. They do have variety from each other in the main missions especially. It is fun just playing around, having your whole world to yourself.
Just Cause 4 is a massively underrated game. It is incredibly fun as you blow up enemy after enemy, the violence could make this game a 13+ but luckily it’s incredibly light hearted and over the top! The game is easy to pickup and you’re fighting for a good cause, leading a revolution to overthrow a dictatorship. I would say this game is okay for 11-12s