 and older.
Really good game
This is an excellent game and I highly remcomend it! The player will have to kill many enmities to get through the game, they can do this in almost anyway possible. From shooting them with a shotgun to flying a jet into them or crushing them with a tank. There are also innocent civilians around that are possible to kill any way that you can with enimies. Language can be strong but infrequent. The main character and many other people can be seen drinking beer but never get drunk. Overall I think this is a great game and I recommend it to anyone 11+
Swearing is barley in the game and when I let my younger brother play this he absolutley loved it and destroyed stuff and experimented in more imaginitve ways than I ever could he is 9 and he loved the explosions and fighting the bad guys which dont even drop a spec of blood It only has 3 swear words in the whole game it is amazing and my parents are thinking of even getting my lil bro his own copy for Christmas because they think he is at a mature enough state for the swear words.
I play this game all the time game is just random and fun it’s all about doing stunts and anything you want with crazy vehicles
Great isometric RPG
A great game but very challenging and complcated. Requires patience.
The game is brutally difficult, but I like it that way. Gameplay is fun and engaging. There are curse words used. The art is heavily stylized. There are corpses and blood, but it isn’t over the top in most cases. Fine for teens.
I think its a great game. defenetly for 12 year old or up (age 12 is for complicated, not violent.
Its not that bad.
Maybe a little hard for youngsters.
Some might look at the 12 and over rating and question it due to it being a spin off of the original Persona 3. Unlike persona 3 the rythem game isnt mostly like it, sure the character Ken dances with a dangerous weapon in one song and the character Junpei using a baseball bat in a dangerous way on a song. The females might have some revealing outfits but you can easily change them for a not that revaling outfit. Not that much wrong with it. Some swearing is in this game.
Super epic gamer game dude. its like legit so epic bro, dude. like omg its so epic. bruhbruh
Easy to play
I think any body can play this game it is just the qurdenation