 Great game!
I got this game with PS plus, and I love it! It’s an amazing game, it also doesn’t have to much blood, there is a bit when you hit enemies though. it has a gripping story and has a difficulty setting which is a good feature. I think it’s good for 12+!
This game is awesome
Ok for mature teens
GREAT GAME!
Great game!
Inaccurate, but fun
Finally a good game
Terrible
Terrible, Buggy, Misleading Mess Of A Game
Awesome
Its a good game but has alot of bugs and few swearing and can be a little vilont at times
Fun and not inappropriate
I like it
It's fun
Just Another Battlefield with some major Improvements
Decent gameplay
Realistic in blood and gore but fine for 11-12+
Now common sense media again with there fake reviews is of course wrong again this game is alright for people 13+ the reason for this is because this game teaches u about something historical yes it does have a fair amount of profanity in it yes it does have violence but when ur at school and ur learning about the punishments from the past then I'm pretty sure this game is fine.
This game is good for kids that love their history, preferably ww 2 history. It’s a great game and gets you involved in action packed team cooperation. Although most parents write that the language is bad you can turn that off by selecting the Lange that your characters speaks during battle. It’s probably the least violet in the battlefield franchise, and probably the best. I totally recommend getting the game.
Honestly the best game of all time.
The game has a really amazing story line multiplayer is lovely. And for the age part I bugged my parents for weeks to let me play it I got to play it eventually and there's some blood but not too much and there a good amount of language present.
This game hit a lot of flak at launch (geddit) because the game basically shoved the fact that women were in the game down everyone's throats. And that is a good reason to dislike the game, but it actually ended up being very fun and enjoyable. The War Stories mode made a return from BF1, with some very good and heartfelt stories, except Nordlys. Nordlys was BFV's adaptation of my favorite WWII story, where these Norwegian special operatives have to destroy a heavy water manufacturing plant to slow the German A-bomb making process. In Nordlys however, you have to sneak around, shooting Germans (as a lone female, as opposed to a team of males) to get to a manufacturing plant (that's right, they never even say the words heavy water in this entire story) in which you think your mother dearest is being kept. Then you and your mom blow up the plant (no one says anything about why except "we need to"), she shoves you off of a 40-foot-high bridge into freezing water, you get hypothermia, go into a hut, shoot a german, steal his hot chocolate (not a joke, you actually steal it),