 go somewhere else, do three other tedious sections, fight through a bunker, fight on ice next to a submarine, kill germans, mom dies (obviously), barrels sink, day saved! All in all, Nordlys is bad. But the rest of this game is great, so I think I'll stop here. The Last Tiger made me cry.
This is an underrated game
Liberal propaganda, ontop of that gameplay sucks
This game is really bad. The gameplay is a huge step down from the previous game in the series, and suffers from a huge lack of content. Also, the game's handling of its historical subject matter is absolutely unforgivable. Battlefield 1 did a fantastic job in portraying World War I, while this game is one of the worst WW2 games I've ever seen. The idea of exploring new perspectives was a great idea, but it was handled terribly here. They could have explored female viewpoints such as the awesome red army snipers on the eastern front, or the resistance members all throughout Europe. But they didn't, and the game suffers for it. Just play Battlefield 1 instead.
Common sense back at it with fake reviews. I agree with the language but it is not as gory as it says. Great messages.
Its a good game. Keep this in mind was a hradcore battlefield Player whos been playing for 4 year now. The game can have a few swearing like every once and a will it ma say " i need a F#@! medic" for the brits but the amercians surpisangly has very little swearing like " i Need a Danm Medic. The game is awsome if ur a plane lover of ww2 and a tanker and i reccomd it
It is a very great game and would make a great gift for a teen. It isnt as violent as games such as call of duty and medal of honor and they isnt to much swearing either
Fun and light hearted game. Nothing is to deep or violent. Super fast paced so u don’t think about the violence
i think this game is fun. the langaune you cant here over gun noise. 12 1/2 can probably play.
The blood splatter isn't that much but you can still notice it. There is a fair amount of swearing but you can make your character speak another language.
Battlefield 5 is just another battlefield game as far as Violence goes. But the Language is strong in single player if you have graphic content on. The Story mode has some positive messages but is not very good. Basically this game is like Battlefield 1 except World War 2 and you can build! This game encourages teamwork... big emphasis on teamwork because now anyone can "revive" fallen teammates not just medics (BF1), and building fortifications helps your teammates a ton. Overall this game is a blast and should not be overlooked just because it's rated M.
I think battlefield v is a good game. It includes some more but hardly any spatter. Single player is fun to start but it becomes