 repetitive. There also frequent uses of f*** and sh** and also uses c***. Good game but I bought it a bit overpriced at £60.00. It also has good historical features and good storylines with really excellent graphics and cut scenes. Good game.
I watch my dad play this game all the time. It is not very violent and doesn't show too much blood. I would say 11 and up, but if you have a mature 10 year old then they'd probably be fine.
I believe that it is very realistic and not cutting corners while showing the violence of war but based on standards these days and what us kids at exposed to already this is not a big deal.
Worst Battlefield game I have played.
Bang!
Good for mature 11 year olds
NOT BAD
Must get
13+
Missing option
great game
Amazing!!!
Amazing game
The truth about Battlefield V
CSM: Really?
For 12 and Up.
Its ok
great but a bit mature
Very Educational
Not all about the age rating
I liked Battlefield 1 and Battlefield 4. But Battlefield V was just done in a slightly different approach that, for me, just ruined the game. Violence is present and gruesome. You use a variety of WWII weapons to eliminate other opponents. When dying and calling out for help, characters bleed out with their hands covered in blood. When shooting other enemies, blood bursts but no gore is seen. Melee attacks can contain splashes of gore. Strong language is a factor, in the campaign, language takes place in dialogue. They are frequent and very explicit; @$$, f#!k, and $h!t. Gambling and consumerism is present online. Players are able to purchase season passes.
There is lots of use of guns and violence e.g. stabbing people, but if you can handle it, you’ll be fine.
Definitely consider this game before you turn it down purely because its M
swearing is not that bad neither is blood. if child has learnt about ww1 or 2 it should be fine
I believe he game Battlefield V can be used educationally as you can find out the names of weapons and vehicles like tanks and planes. For overall gameplay there isn’t a large amount of blood it seems under than that of Rainbow Six Siege and swearing is similar to Rainbow Six Siege, pretty much non existent. For some children they may be scared but if you can get them to watch any war related movies such likr Saving Private Ryan or books like War Horse and the Diary Of Anne Frank they won’t be scared unless someone call in a V-1 and you are left to run for your lives.
I think that this game is amazing the realism is crazy there is no blood or gores there is a F bomb here and there and also dead soldiers laying on the ground but if your kid is mature and loves history it is definitely appropriate so I think from ages 13+
This game missing super appropriate option, so Call of Duty Black Ops 4 has super appropriate option.
i think its a great game! The War stories are emotional but