 good. mulitiplayer is good too but just wish they'd add the japanese in it cause they were also the main enemy in WW2! but all and all this is a good game
Battlefield V is fine for a mature 11 year old . There is hardly any swearing and only a splat of blood. It is great for teaching you about the war and how people couldve felt. An overall thumbs up
This game is immersive beautiful and the campaign is brilliant . Overall this game should not be rated 17+ beacause the swearing in minimal and there is some to no amount of blood I rate this game 12+
It’s not really about how violent it is and how much curse words there are but it’s really about if a kid can understand it.First before you buy the game learn a lot about world war 2 then you relate to the topic of the game.It also depends how mature your child is.Their is a lot of cursing!Witch in my opinion doesn’t affect kids who are pretty mature.You may look at the rating and be like “OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS 17+ YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO PLAY IT!!!”This game is probably the best shooter game I’ve ever experienced so don’t think about the age or rating of the game think about your child:)
This game is the hot new thing right now and of course, all you parents out there turn to CSM for answers. But only your kids no that CSM is no use for a game like this and there I will gratefully help you. there is no filter because the is no gore at all, just red splashes. Secondly, the game really captures what these soilders had to sacrifice to surve their country, wich like any military shooter, will increase respect for veteran's. Third, not all of the game is shooter on ground combat. in fact, there is lot's of air combat wich does not even show blood in the game. Fourth, I know parents are asking, how much blood really is there. From long range you can barely see blood at all. sneak attacks, no gore and clean and quick, and don't gross it out. The only brutality shows no gore and the weapons there using are electric sticks. so there you go, if your child is ten and up, good buy.
This game contains blood when you get downed in multiplayer, (blood appears on your hands and arms, also blood surrounds your screen, and blood puddles) blood on your screen when injured, and blood on shooting enemies. You can shoot other people, use incedinary grenades to light enemies on fire, and use your usual grenade to explode your enemies. I don’t know about gore or language in single player, I haven’t played it yet. Language is present in some characters when they shout for help while downed, “I’m (cuss word) dying here medic!” Violence: 9 Blood and gore: 3 -Blood: 6 -Gore: ? (No gore in multiplayer, not