 sure about singleplayer.’ Nudity: 0 Horror: 0 (Concern for people with blood phobias on severity, it’s a 0 if you don’t have a phobia of guns, blood, heights (While jumping off a plane, or in high places.) Anyways, this is my review on this game, I recommend you play this if you enjoy games with war and first person shooters!
The game has blood and language but if you know what the words mean its ok
i like it a lot and it's super fun and if you think you or your child is mature enough then you can play it overall i think you need to know a bit about history to play great game 5 stars
You may thing it another kill the bad guys game but it is factually correct, woman did fight in WW2 (command example, Night Witches). I believe children will learn a lot about the people who gave there live for us and the hardship it took to make the future we have to day. Always remember a fallen soldier.
Parents shouldn’t only look at the age rating, they should watch some gameplay and decide can their child play it.
Not the greatest game out there, but it's fine, I guess
One of the best Indie games I have played!
Scare-tastic game with dark elements
Good horror game
GREAT GAME but...
A pretty cool game
Brilliantly scripted with tons of detail.
Why are these people giving it 18 and up! Why!!! It only has lots of jumpscares. And what do these parents have about jumpscares. The only sense of gore is when alice gets stabbed in the back, and when bendy rips of pulks head. But ever since it came out it has been very popular.
Such an amazing game, but not preferable for religious families
Cool!
Very fun but also scary puzzle game
My fave game!
Easily one of the best Indie games.
Good game, toxic fandom.
Not well for kids
GOOD GAME AND DOES NOT HAVE ANY BLOOD
Not that scary, decent puzzle game.
My Favorite game of all Time!
I became interested in the game back in 2017 when the game came out. It was a REALLY good game during that year. Any part of the game that was released last year, I don't like. You can still like it if you want. I'm just not the biggest fan of it. Oh, and parents letting 6 year olds play the game, WHY?! There are age ratings for a reason! Don't base your opinion off my review. I'm just a dumb teen who's been in the fandom for over two years now
The game is very interesting, the story makes you want more, and the graphics are very unique. I loved this game and suggest it to people who like games such as hello neighbor, and little nightmares. Here is a quick game description: You play as Henry, comming back to your old work place, which happens to be an old cartoon studio, when you get an invitation from your old boss, Joey Drew. As soon as you get there you find a mysterious machine, what