 does it do, well you will just have to play to the game to find out.... Honestly I love this game and want to see more of it! (Don't let me down Bendy and the Dark Revival) I should let you know that Henry does take the Lords name in vain a few times, but other then that there is little to no swearing.
This game was a very fun game. It was also very scary. The graphics aren’t supposed to look completely realistic, but the style of it is truly spectacular. The come comes with lots of scary elements, battles and destruction. Although it’s not ‘gory’ in a sense of blood, but as ink. So some creatures will scare you and gross you out. There’s not a lot of swears, Henry just says he’ll every so often. I think it has good role models because of Henry’s strength to not give up. Henry also aids Boris who was in need of help in Chapter 4. Overall, I’d say it just depends on the kid. If the kid is scared easily, then don’t get the game. But if you’re a fan if horror , this is for you.
While BATIM can be challenging at times, it shows kids to use their brain to solve problems and only at absolutely necessary use violence Violence - Hideously deformed figures, Jumpscares (although pretty obvious when they're going to happen), Satanic Rituals Language - Hell (on 3 occasions) Overall 10/10 great atmospheric puzzle game.
Wow, reading reviews suggesting this game to be 18+ has made me rage more then when I fail to fulfill the requirements to get the tommy gun. This game has some questionable themes but here is my review for Batim. *Spoiler Warning* Violence 6/10 The deaths in this game aren't to bad, but when more major characters die it's more violent, Alice Angel gets stabbed in the back, the the Projectionist gets their head ripped of, and Sammy Lawrence gets an axe in the back of the head. You use various weapons like led pipes, axes, plungers, wrenchs, syringes, and even a secret tommy gun. Swearing 4/10 Not much swearing, the occasional hell but not much. Satisim 6/10 In chapter one and two you see what looks like ritual circles, and in chapter two Sammy Lawrence attempts to sacrifice you to Bendy who he refers to as a god. Blood and gore 0/10 Notice the article says blood and gore, there is no blood and gore at all. Ink 6/10 Blood is replaced by ink when you kill (or attack) an enemy, when you get damaged ink covers the side of your screen. Horror 7/10 Jumpscares are scary in this game, some characters may scare more sensitive kids, like Bendy or the Projectionist. Overall rating 9/10
Ok I’m 13 and this game in my opinion is fun no sex no language some violence, but it’s not blood. So this game is good. My only thing is there is A LOT of satanic symbols and