 but the blood looks more like kool-aid and the game often brings up that the world is a illusion so only more mature children should play this game, the game is sometimes confusing at parts but overall an amazing game!
Great Game!
Got tis when it relesed for me Xbox, great game, definitely a good amount of violence and drinking, but I mean, if you've sen tat stuff be4, u shuld be gud.
Nice game to play once in a while...
It is a very fun game to play here and there. The music is on point, the story is funny and so on. Violence is animated. You fight other skeletons in turn based action, with swords and arrows. At the beginning scene, a samurai general is impaled, with a pool of red blood around him. Though this is in cartoon form.
A great game based on the great anime and manga “attack on Titan” this game is really fun and is a great experience for people who have watched the game
Great game, not for kids though.
Contains a lot of blood so I wouldn’t recommend for people who can’t handle much blood, but is fine for more mature teens. Contains light swear words from time to time but nothing too explicit
I played this on the Nintendo Switch and it has a great story (watch the anime and read the manga first), quite a lot of blood , as you have to carve Titan's necks open, and the odd sh** and bas**** every now and then.
The game can be slow at times, and combat isn't too engaging
Amazing game
Final Fantasy XIV Online: Shadowbringers is an expansion to FF XIV Online. The beginning can be a little slow and complicated for beginners. Violence is fantasy like. Use of magical powers and swords are present. Strikes from enemies or to enemies result in no blood, only numbers indicating damage. Language is infrequent, maybe even heard once in the entire game. Use of "$h!t " Sexuality in the form of innuendo and partial nudity. Calling women "whores." You can see pictures or posters of women in revealing clothing. STD's are referenced in game as well.
I think this is a fantastic game with amazing visuals and a story that will have you crying into the arm of your chair. In a good way. I would say age 12 and up, but I think a brave 10 or 11 year old could try it too, providing they were already decent at video games since this game is quite challenging. The community is very kind and welcoming too. Some advice would be to NOT BUY A STORY SKIP. It’s completely worth playing through the other packs before this one, since the story will make a lot more sense and the whole story is entirely worth playing. The game has a lot of content and you will always have lots to do. Some warnings would be that the game does have mild blood, a bit of swearing and some scary scenes, especially in Shadowbringers.
Mario