 Alice angel, just her in general is satanic.
I personally really like the game. My parents don't allow me to play it, or even like it. I watched DanTDM play it and I loved it. I personally love the game. Shhh... don't tell my parents. :)
Wow. Where should I start? Bendy and the Ink Machine is a brilliant game with lots of effort put in. Hats off to you, Joey Drew. Spoilers in my review, beware. Chapter One: you receive a message from Mister Joey Drew asking you to look around the old animation studio where you work. Huh. Nothing too weird. Until you start up the ink machine. Oh. And beware spooky Bendy the Demon cut outs moving when your not looking. That too. If your a parent not okay with violence, I wouldn’t bother buying this. A ‘dead Boris’ can be found with his stomach slashed open and rib cages showing. Chapter Two: Oh boy. Parents, I suggest you be careful with buying this game for your kids. Tons of satanic stuff, yet nothing of the actual ‘satan’. Pentagrams on the walls. A ‘Lost One’, or a person made of ink, called Sammy Lawrence makes his appearance. He thinks that the monster version of Bendy, also known as Ink Bendy by fans, is a savior. Also, he tries sacrificing you to him. Sorta a biggie. Although it doesn’t work, you can hear Sammy getting demolished by Ink Bendy in the other room. And the chase is on! Ink Bendy begins chasing you until you come across a friendly wolf that will no doubt become your kid’s favorite character, Boris. Chapter 3: After leaving Boris’s shelter, you come across an elevator that takes you down to a new character, Alice Angel. Quite the devil, ironically. She’s the one who cut open all those Boris. Yeah, there’s more than one. Boris is a cartoon character made from ink, so makes sense there’s more than one, probably relating to that Ink Machine... To avoid even more spoilers and how long this review is, I’m going to end it here. All in all, you need to look out violence and satanism. Not much swearing, just things like ‘damn’ and ‘hell’. I hope this helped you decide!
And I think that bendy and the ink machine is O.K with all those jumpscares, but keep your child away from the wandering sin.
I have watched walkthroughs of Bendy and the Ink Machine and I love the story, the art style, and the frightening elements. The only thing I don’t like is the Satanic ritual symbols, the posters that say “Hell’s Kitchen” and “Just how the Devil likes it” and the part where ink people and Sammy Lawrence worship Bendy, who is a demon himself. So if you are Christian like me, or any other religious affliction, but you really like this game, I suggest covering your eyes and ears when these things are present ( they’re not present for the whole game, you know)
This is very cool