 game. It can be scary and lot of jump scare, (Like scary alice angel popping up from movie screen) but there also some violence. No blood just ink. It have things like attacking monster with axe, and there is Pentagram in it. Also Satanic ritual. Someone dead on wooden strapped plank. End has scary beast Bendy. But cool game!
The game follows Henry as he wanders around and abandoned workshop. There are a handful of jumpscares in each chapter, none of which are to scary. The game is mostly about solving puzzles as you try to escape the workshop. Some violence, none of it is gory. A really fun game and I'd recommend this to any teenager.
This game is DEFINETELY NOT FOR CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 12. The entire concept is that you are an animator who receives a letter from an old friend who wants to show you something back at 'the old workshop'. The game progresses in 5 chapters, however the story gets darker by each chapter and creates more question, the only scary parts are in chapters 3,4 and 5. There are many violent segments such as an axe in someone's head, but people on here may rate it an 18+ due to the words hell and damn being used, and satanic symbols but overall, suitable for anyone 12+
Bendy and the Ink Machine is a puzzle action horror game that I adore. It has amazing graphics, a deep storyline, and plenty of twisted characters. However, it’s not for everyone. It’s full of jump scares, and intense sequences. As for violence, it’s not as bad as people make it seem. There is no actual gore, or even blood. It’s all ink. A character is stabbed in the back, and another has their head torn off, but neither of these are too graphic. There is no sex or nudity whatsoever. Language is also not too bad, with a few uses of “hell”, and “damn”, but that’s it. Overall, Bendy and the Ink Machine is an amazing game, definitely worth checking out sometime.
I edited this review after I got older. The gameplay can be a bit creepy, which is why it’s mostly suitable for kids 11+ instead of 9+, and the fandom just... ruined my childhood. This was my childhood when I was 9, when I turned 10 I realized how toxic the fandom was.
Ok, Bendy and the ink machine is a really hardcore game, it talk about pentagrams possesion and other stuff, i really think that is really a good game but is just not ok for minus 10 years old, also the internet is strange if you have a kid i recommend you dont search bendy in internet,well bendy fanfics, IT IS MORE SCARIER THAN THE GAME
I have played this, it is a good game. It depends on what you are scared of, it can be scary at times.
Best game ever! Because it doesn't have blood, just ink, even the ink demon is Soo cool. And Sammy Lawrence,