 For a mature 11
It's okay...
Sorry I had to do that, nice hat though.
Good Game
Very Strange.
It’s spooky
This is a good game
Good game
not scary at all
Great, though can be uncomfortable in certain views.
ONE OF THE BEST HORROR GAMES , BUT A LITTLE BIT ANNOYNG!
an amazing game
Awesome Game, But check it out first!
Game contains some content that is teen material.
good introduction to horror games
BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best indie horror game ever!
An Amazing and Well-written Horror Adventure Game!
My fav horror game!
This game is great but can be violent. It does not have blood but ink. ‘Hell’ and ‘Damn’ are used on two occasions. So preview it first but it’s a great game.
It has jumpscares and hardly any feeling to it, plus there are some glitches.
I sure had a GREAT time playing this game! There is no blood just ink. Honestly some people think this is 14 and up but it really isn't. As long as your kid won't have nightmares, it's good to go!
Okay. SO I would call this game a thriller rather than horror. The theme is dark, and theres a couple jumpscares, but it's not that bad. If your a younger kid reading this, or a parent with a younger kid I would recommend waiting til their older than 12 because of the concept. Nothing to do with maturity, just that im 14 and the concept still is a little hard to grasp. Because it's not supposed to make sense. And theres a lot of information, and side-stories you have to know before you get whats going on. But i played this when I was 13 and just replayed it again and got a lot more stuff. When I was younger, like 10 or 11 I used to watch people on YouTube play it, and I was never phased, and I never tAlKeD aBoUt the devil or killing people or whatever, it just really depends on the kid. Overall it's an amazing game I've played it a lot. I would recommend after you play it you check out Super Horror Bro on youtube, he has a large collection of concept videos on this game, and theory videos about the new game :)
I just started this game and I am up to the part before the Bendy jump scare in chapter 1 the animation is so amazing and I give this 7+ for people who don't cuss and don't get spoiled easily otherwise this is for 9+ this is a good game for children. This is very easy to use on PS4. The puzzles keep your child thinking and there is violence and language (I saw gaming videos). A very good thinking game for children (hint for the game: If ur having trouble finding the cogwheel in chapter 1 it is in the ink machine room
this game is very scary, exceptional graphics and even the game with more references to demons.
The game itself isn’t that scary, but the backstory is.
*Spolier warning ahead! I think that the expert's review on the violence is over the