 top. When Alice Pendel kills bad alice there is no gore no gushing blood or in this case ink only a stain and choughing. and the part with the axe i also think is bad because no gore no brains on the axe or spurrting ink. And we/ the fan base know that Hennry is a good guy because at the end of chapter 5 Joey tells the player that he had pushed him to do the right thing I.E Joey was the bad guy and Henry had been the good guy. Also brute Boris just has pipes in him no violent gore. I also read the review on stranger things and there was way more details on the violence than bendy and it was given 3 out of 5 violence dots. Also another problem with the review is that Undertale a way more violent game in both the fan art and game is given one violence dot. A really big problem with the expert review is that destroying monsters is not a good think to do. And the review is also pretty much saying that self-defence is bad because you use the weapons for self-defence. . But the game is one of the best games I have played.
This a reasonable game few jumps cares there is no blood or gore and the story line gets u hooked but if the player is easily scared don't play Oh and parents complaining that their 7 year old was playing it and was scared or whatever maybe don't let them play a T rated ya,e
i like roleplaying bendy but i don't really like this game at all its supposed to be a "horror" game but it isn't scary it has really smalll language
Personally its a great game! Nice game, nice plot twist too! Though has a lot of satanic things in it. Really depends if your old enough for it. I personally got scared of bendy, and his cutouts when I got introduced to the game. But depends on age mostly!
i think this game is super!
i know people might not agree with but that's im giving this a 10+ rating because even do there is some pentagrams and dead characters it isn't terrefying and brutal.the reason im giving this a 10+ is that there is some scenes of murder,stabbings,punches and pantagrams.a really good horror game ! recommended
The Game is great if you like horror and thriller and survival games. Kids younger than 10 though should ask first. Violence: Satanic Rituals, Reference to demon, Death, Swear words like H**&amp; D**&amp; and P**^ but, It is a great game in general. I definitively like it
Hello. I am DevilGamer, and I will be helping you decide on whether Bendy and the Ink Machine is ok for your kids/tweens. I first started playing BATIM (Bendy and the Ink Machine) in 2017, and I’ve been playing it ever since. The game does contain mild to moderate violent material/violence, brief mild language, brief sequences of Satanism, and horror/terror