 material. Here is a short, and brief description of the full game (created by me) In a cartoon studio overrun by ink creatures, you step into the shoes of Henry Stein, a retired lead animator, when you get a mysterious invitation from your past co-worker, Joey Drew. But as you return, you notice something is wrong with this new ‘ink machine’. Venture deep into the studio to uncover the secrets behind this twisted cartoon nightmare. FACTORS: Violence: No surprises here, violence is mild to moderate and cartoonish; Henry slices ink creatures with household weapons, brief sequence involving a character getting stabbed in the head with an axe, a character getting impaled through the chest with a sword and a character getting his head ripped off by Bendy, the ink demon. These are cartoonish in nature, but somewhat brutal. Blood: There is no blood/gore involved in the game, however the “ink” in the game is suggested as blood, but unrealistic. Ink appears throughout; ink monsters appear out of ink puddles and ink drips off of walls/ceilings. Explicit Language: Mild language; Henry and characters say “hell” infrequently, Joey Drew in cassette tapes says “damn” two times, and a character says “piss” once. Sexual Content: None. Suggestive Content: None. Satanism: Brief Satanism throughout Chapter Two; a Pentagram is seen briefly at the beginning of Chapter Two, and to the end of the chapter. There is no Satanism involved after Chapter Two though. Horror/Fear Content: Moderate to severe amounts of horror and fear; Bendy appears at random in Chapter Three, Bendy chases the player through Chapter Two through Five (and then Bendy kills the player if not hidden in a Little Miracle Station; Bendy kills the player and presumably eats him), characters including Sammy Lawrence, Alice Angel, and ‘The Ink Demon’ Bendy may be frightening to children/tweens. Substance Use: None. SUGGESTED AGE LEVELS: Violence : 13+ Blood : 12+ Explicit Language : 7+ Sexual Content : Not Present Suggestive Content : Not Present Substance Use : Not Present Satanism : 12+ Horror/Fear Content : 14+ The game is overall suitable for horror fans that are tweens (12+), and if that is too early, the game is best suitable for 13+. It also depends on your kids (e.g.: if they have high anxiety, then look deeper into the game via finding gameplays on YouTube, or play it yourself before you let your 12 year old play). The minimal suggested age for this game is 10+ (according to me), and if the game is too intense/scary for 10, then go to 12. If you feel that the game contains unsuitable material and content, then go to 13+. In my opinion, the ESRB didn’t include all the content that is included in the game. Actual ESRB Rating: T (Teen 13+) for “Violence” Suggested ESRB Rating (from me): T (Teen 13+) for “Violence, Mild Language” The PEGI also gave the game a 12 rating, which is equivalent to a Rated T rating from the ESRB. PEGI rated “BATIM”