 12 for “violence”. Again, the rating should be fixed to 12 for “violence, bad language”. Common Sense Media did the right thing on this one. The game is minimally ok and suitable for 12+ As for a critic’s review, I give it a 10/10. The game is pretty fun, however it would be better if the character (Henry) could run faster from threats such as ink monsters, Sammy Lawrence, Alice Angel, and ‘Bendy’ the Ink Demon.
bendy is a first person horror game with a few jumpscares but not that scary of a game the game's story is you get invited to your work by your old friend joey drew but then its gets more spooky as you go threw the game bendy is a good kid friendly horror game
this is the best game i wrote a document on bendy and what it was like for me. i hope everyone agrees too : ). ps can i work there too when im older
This game is amazing but definitely for older kids as they talk about demons and possessed souls. It is a little bit violent, some mild language. Henry is a very brave hero so I guess he’s a good role model but that’s up to you.
I love this game so much! It has a very consistent and mysterious storyline that leaves fans coming back for more. I myself have played and replayed this game over 14 times, and I enjoy it everytime, and wind up finding something new! The voice acting and the art style is amazing as well! However, beware parents, there is some mild violence, cursing (hell and damn), and some actions and characters that may be seen as disturbing to younger kids. I would say this game is for 13 and up, but there are many, many mature 12 year olds out there (I started playing in December of 2018 when I was 12) so I believe they would take it well!
Bendy and the Ink Machine is a great game! I recommend that parents shouldn't be too strict about playing this. However, your child should be mature to handle some parts, such as a deceased Boris clone, Alice Angel's rituals, and collecting inky hearts. Overall, it is a great game!
good game
THE BEST GAME EVER
Great horror game but scarier that you would think
Scary action
Amazing gameplay that gives a thrill all the way through
Really good
A must play!
It's a bit scary...
Amazing, but sort of not for kids.
Really good!
BEST GAME EVER
THIS GAME IS AMAZING
amazing
Could be viewed a sacreligious? I'm honestly not sure what qualifies as sacreligious.
awesome!
Amazing!!!
Honestly,
Not like they say
The best game EVERRRRRR!!!!!
The perfect spook for older kids
It has violence but it's protecting yourself violence it has some kind of bad words like [email protected]%n and h$%l.
AWESOME
I bought this game when I was 10 and found it SO scary I couldn’t even play. A year later I came back to the game and it was amazing but so scary l. Don’t play this game thinking it’s a horror for kids it was