 the first horror game I ever played and it was more than scary.
Some mild language. Disturbing and bloody filled with spooks. And evil people WTH ink. And some violent scenes. But nostalgic.
The gameplay of the game is overall not too hard, and is not gore nor horrifying. In my personal opinion, it’s more adventurous than scary. But it is good to discuss with your child first, as the game does include a wolf like ink character that’s body is cut open, (no gore shown, just a black body with a black indent) and it may be scary for sensitive children. The jumpscares are brief, and if the ink demon (Bendy) catches you, you simply respawn through a tunnel of ink. To make it easier for your child, there are ways to complete the game with more ease, wether it be hiding in a “little miracle” (boxes that Henry, AKA you, hide in when Bendy is near or health is running low.) As there is one character (Alice Angel) who gets stabbed because a character saves you from her trying to attack you, ink is just shown where the stab is. As for the character with the axe to his head, (Sammy Lawrence), th axe shoes no gore or mark whatsoever as Sammy Lawrence’s appearance is ink in human form. As for Bendy, sensitive viewers may find him scary, but I am sensitive myself, and what I told myself was if he gets you, you respawn. He’s not real. Not suggested to play at night for sensitive viewers as this may lead to trouble sleeping due to the fact your heart pumps throughout the game. Another sensitive thing (more so for parents) is that on the floor, there is occasionally a demon ritual inked on the floor, but it mainly marks the chapter is over/ started, as the character faces flashbacks when he steps on it. No audible action is heard during this cutscene. Ink monsters that look human come from the ground and attack you, but since violence is sometimes necessary, you simply whack the monster and it disappears. More of a strategy game, as you collect items to advance through, only attacking monsters if they provoke you. Ink dripping and flooding rooms may also make some sensitive. The wolf creature is later introduced as Boris, a protagonist until Alice Angel “modifies” him to be like a boss fight. Same for bendy, as in chapter five, he is the “final boss.” A phenomenal game, with a little twist to the animation studio and the story of Bendy, and great for people trying out new kinds of games. This was the first horror game I ever played, and I loved every bit of it.
I reckon 12 and up
This game is phenomenal the style of the game is beautiful however don’t let its design fool you this game is quite dark in chapter 3 you walk across a pit and you see the character boris the wolf dead on with his chest