 open if your child is mature then this is a must play
It has some jumpscares,but it has really good animations,good music production and very realistic!
I absolutely loved this game, it's story kept me on edge, and I'm sure to buy the newest game once it comes out, but even though this masterpiece has got to be my favorite game of all time, it's just not really for kids. Even though I played this when I was 12, and am being a bit hypocritical, I really think it should be for teenagers 13+ for several reasons. As the game's description implies, it's an old cartoony-style horror game that does in fact involve many consecutive heart pounding suspenseful moments, and jumpscares that made me scream out loud. It made me want to keep playing forever and throw the controller on the floor at the same time. This game is also linked with satanic rituals, except instead of satanic worshipping, it is the worship of this cartoon character called bendy who is a demon made of ink, so for those religious families, it's pretty sacreligious. Even the overall appearance of some characters is enough to give younger children nightmares. Alice angel, mutilated Boris, the Butcher Gang enemies, and Ink Bendy are all nightmare-worthy. So only if you think you can handle these things would I recommend it to you. If you have anxiety, epilepsy, a history of panic attacks, or depression, please don't play this game.
It’s a good game and I love it!, but it has some things like a little satanism.. such as a pentagram, but it’s a bendy-face instead of a star. And bendys basically a demon. -point is make sure your kids know about satanism- and it’s a little scary, such as jump scares! But hey it’s a really good game I love it and I do a lot of fanart for it! But don’t let your kids go into the fandom some of it is very bad.. and last, it says “hell” two times in chapter 2. So beware that it’s not ok for kids under 10!
IIt is SUPER GOOD! I based my username on it because I LOVED IT!
Its kinda scary. But its probably one of my fave games. There's nothing bad. Just kinda odd at some points.
Bendy and the ink machine is good for kids like me who likes a good bit of horror but not to much. There are 2 jumpscares in the game that take you by surprise in chapter 1 and chapter 3 but the rest are predictable and good. Great game, Y'all should play it. Also, Sammy lawrence is a good role model cause he shows that it's okay to be yourself.
I'm not exactly sure how to feel about this game. On one hand, this is a very good horror game, especially for people who are new to the genre. On the other hand BATIM could be viewed as sacreligious. I'm not exactly sure what happens but *SPOILER ALERT* I'm pretty sure you