 Maker builds it's way to Nintendo Switch in a disappointing sequel
A Fun game for Creative kids.
one of the worst games
fun for everyone
Now THIS is how you make Mario Levels!
Mario Maker 2, Worth It!
everyone should play this
Best game!
Amazing
Mario Maker 2
Great game, be prepared for some objects you've hoped for to not exist. (Talking about New Super Mario Bros. U)
Parental guidance advised for online play
Great Game That Promotes Creativity
This game is amazing!
Great Game
AWESOME!!!
One of the best Nintendo games out there.
Mario maker 2
SMM2 is cool
When this game was announced, I was hyped, but then now it's released, I'm disappointed, I was really hoping they would add more than 1 new game style, more enemies and more, but instead, we get nearly no new features, and many features where removed! And worst of all, you have to buy the Switch Online subscription to even play the online levels now! Do not buy!
This game, while easily accessible for younger kids, I feel is better suited for kids and teens with an idea of what good game design is. The game is only as good as your imagination and experience with past Mario games. If your kid is new to platformers or real young, even though the game is appropriate they may not find it fun. Violence is minimal, and is probably appropriate for kids 6+ with kids being able to find it fun at around 11+
i loved the first game but i hate this one. they added nearly nothing and removed a lot. also you have to get online which is expensive. dont bother
mario and luigi are positive role models and the violence is very chessy but overall is amazing
Mario Maker 1 was amazing, and Mario Maker 3ds was... lacking. But, this improves (and fixes, in the 3ds’s case!) all of these issues! You have more pieces (like slopes!), and you can play this game properly in handheld mode! If you know how Mario works, you can play this. There are also many tips to help you learn how to make a level, so this is amazing. The only downside? NO AMIIBO COSTUMES! Guess amiibos are just for Smash Bros now... but other than that, amazing game!
The newly Mario Maker 2 is just the game to play when you are boring yourself to death. The graphic quality of Mario Maker 2 has splendid and realistic movements, and it will make everything seem so life-like and smooth. I think the graphics make me imagine as if I am also there. The best feature of Course World is that you can find what you want: Levels of Easy, Normal, Expert, or Super Expert. You can also find the courses where they were made, as in Australia, USA, Europe, etc. You can get all kinds of playing modes: Course Maker, Course World, Story Mode, and Online Multiplayer Co-op/VS. Although some people may think that the characters in Mario Maker 2 may be basic and boring, I think that the characters are unique in certain ways, such as the