 it’s scary but not too scary
Terrifying , tense, amazing graphics and brilliant color scheme.
A bit boring
Awesome for Everyone!
Fun, horror game with a few jumpscares, no major scares.
It’s kinda scary but it’s nothing awful. It has a great story it’s an amazing puzzle game with well thought out characters and a scary twist on nostalgic cartoony games. Its a great game which kept me entertained for hours on end!!
GAME: The game-play and storyline of this game is phenomenal, but everything gets way scarier once you start Chapter 3. It gets way more tense, jumpy, and terrifying. Some parts I even had to pause the game to recollect myself. This game does a great job of playing with your fear and skill. The only part of this game that I don't like is that Henry (your character) runs and walks very slow, the creatures and monsters can lap you. It is also annoying when the Ink Demon of Projectionist, or other monsters are near and there are no places to hid, so you have to run and find one (very slowly) and you will walk into dead ends and then die because you are panicking. There are a LOT of jumpscares, that is mostly why it is rated teen, due to the jump scares and scariness of it all. And since there are only 2 colors in this game, there is no blood, and when you kill monsters they just turn into ink. The story line is amazing and freaky, with everything that happens make everything more eerie for the next chapters. I also wish there were more chapters because you can beat this in 2 days if you spend the whole day(s) playing this, considering there are only 5 chapters. There are plot twists and things you never expect to see coming. GRAPHICS/SOUND: The music of this game is perfect and eerie, making the atmosphere even more freaky. The visuals and graphics of this game are absolutely outstanding, with everything looking like it is hand-drawn and being 3D at the same time. The color scheme is perfect, with the black and different shades of black and gold. The voice actors are perfect for everything, especially Alice Angel who has a terrifyingly beautiful voice. OVERALL: Despite some minor flaws, this game is brilliant and terrifying, with a complex, but not too confusing storyline. This game is pretty scary though, with just the atmosphere and not to mention millions of animated jumpscares. But this game is not just about jump scares, again the story line is amazing, and it is full of puzzles and battles. I recommend this for ages 12 and up, due to the scariness of it. I do not get scared of horror movies and other things like that, but for this, you are in control and this game is basically reminiscent of a nightmare. Depending how you child can handle scariness, they could play at 11 or even 10 but nothing under 10, it will give them nightmares for