 weeks. FINAL RATING: 4.50/5
I would never play this game again it is just god awful
I need families to know that this is a perfectly fine game. It is engaging, but not addictive, and you are encouraged to use your brain! There is NO SATANISM!!!!! It’s Bendyism! This will not mess up your kid! I personally watched a full playthrough when I was 10, I was fine. So, even though that is my opinion, there is one thing that could scare your child. There is a very hard bossfight in Chapter Five, and it may cause your child to ragequit. The scene with the ritual, kids and teen will get mildly scared, but they won’t even understand half of it! He doesn’t kill you, and when he screams, it is very cliche, which may cause yout teen or child to laugh! Overall, it is fine. Trust me
I would say this is suitable for people around the age of 10 to 11 and plus, as it may be a horror game, however it's a very cartoony and well, not very scary game. The whole art style is fun and takes away from the horror vibe and all the jumpscares are quite tame and not anything that would keep your kids up at night.
Teens should need to have some physical experience before playing this.
I would Let a toddler play this!
REALLY GOOD JUST BUY IT TRUST ME IF You DONT WHATS WRONG WITH. You
Amazing, but don't bother buying the other songs.
SPECTACULAR game, added up some ages due to flashing lights
Very good game!
Amazing extremely fun Sci-Fi music arcade game
Great game that is super fun
One of my favorite VR games
Good game
A Great Family Title
It's fun and a good exercise.
Pc version has more stuff, not fair for ps4 players
Beat Saber, a Phenomenon all Over YouTube
I recommend this to be for teens because it’s a lot of kids to handle physical wise. Some levels can be hard but it’s one heck of a work out.
Any child can play this game, you are literally just dancing/hitting digital blocks with lightsabers! The music has no cursing in it, and no violence or multiplayer mode is present!
This game is amazing! There's no violence, but the only way you can "die" is to go in laser walls and touch bombs. If you want more songs, try modding the game. I know it's going against what the developers want you to play. but you can play custom songs without having to buy. On twitter, they always tease "CuStOm SoNg UpDaTe CoMiNg SoON" so it's better to not wait. It's also very easy to play and i'm already on expert+ songs! Buy this NOW. Don't regret it.
Probably one of the best VR games ever. Very good workout, amazing song layouts and gameplay, but heres a problem for young children, flashing lights. Not hard to fix, but it might be big for youngies (aka, zen alpha's). Personally my only problem, for the other time, a very fun time.
This game is enjoyable, I couldn't drop playing