 it for hours a day! It is also a very good workout if you play some of the harder levels. With the new multiplayer mode you can now compete against other players to get the better score making it more fun!
Parents need to know that Beat saber is a popular music car game on almost every vr system (I am not talking about phone vr I mean like vive, oculus rift, oculus quest, PSVR .etc). The game is about you wielding light sabers and cutting music blocks which make music and you can hit them to real music. So there are many extra music albums you can buy and really good songs that will make you want to buy them. But you can also play online songs that other people make and you can make them but you need a PC. This is a Sci-Fi music game we’re you have lightsabers and hit music blocks so the blades cut through the blocks but it is never made to be violent just like a drums with a Sci-Fi feel to it. Some extra songs may have suggestive lyrics but most likely you will know what song you are playing before you play it. One album called extras shows a lady with barely a shirt on so you may come across that and also other people may make suggestive titles and pictures to represent the song. The game is extremely fun and entertaining for all ages and is one of the most successful and fun VR game. But also note that the VR system isn’t recommended for every day use by kids under 12 due to technology issues to the eyes. Also there are lots of colors and flashing lights in the game. This doesn’t mean younger kids can’t play but just be aware and maybe not the best choice for every day use.
The base game of beat saber is super fun on its own but if you want to expand the song library there are many options, the main way is to buy music packs, but a second way is to mod the game, (this can't be done on the PSVR version, and while it is possible on the Oculus Quest version it is against the TOS so do it at your own risk but if you are using the Steam VR version or Oculus Rift version this is allowed (both are playable on quest with a good enough PC)) this means that you can have an infinite amount of extra (free) content to play. You can also get custom sabers menu titles and lots more. This is a must buy for any VR headset. Note: I put 5 and up because the game is appropriate for a 5 year old and they should be able to play it, but VR in general can be bad for younger people so make sure you pay attention to any warning labels that come with your headset.
Amazing gameplay even though it's really simple. The