 custom maps are a good thing to now officially support. Honestly would have down at 5+ if VR was healthy to use with people under 12, but all hardware manufacturers say young kids shouldn't play so that's why it's 12+.
Love the range of music
Been a Vr user for about a year now. Beat Saber is a must-have for any family. It's full of fun songs, addictive gameplay, and a concept that is easy to play, but difficult to master. The game is very movement-based, so it is a fantastic way to stay active in some way.
Once you get the hang of it, you can easily play it and also it can help you exercise. It doesn't matter if you're not good enough; you can practice and go try campaign mode.
Beat Saber, an incredibly popular rhythm game made for PS VR. The game is very simple, its a rhythm game where you hit cubes that are coming towards yourself in the correct way to continue a streak. You use your head to dodge red walls that will end your streak, and that's pretty much it. You can select tons of songs as well. The game is for 11 yrs and up because I feel that the VR will make children under 11 nauseous and the headset may be too big. For children under 9 (if you can get the headset to fit) will have a hard time getting the timing, as they may be distracted by other things. Besides that, the game is very optimized for every age over 11. The game is fun, and a cool party game.
Game about racing and violence
The game is about racing others and basically sabotaging your opponents by kicking or hitting them off their bikes with a weapon, although the game doesn't show any blood (I don't think) they still show the victim being hit off their bike, and the game is still quite twisted in the way that the whole plot is just racing &amp; attacking other racers.
A fun life simulation game
BEST. GAME. EVER!!!
It's a great game!
Amazing game
awesome
This game is AWESOME. The sims 4 is a huge life simulation game with an amazing gameplay and a wide range of options. This game is kinda inappropriate, there are some suggestive themes, some sexual themes, and some drinking, (the nudity is blurred), but other than that, it is a kid friendly game that allows you to create a family, houses, and even neighborhoods. There's even more to that, you can post your creations for others to download, favorite and comment on. When you first buy the game, it starts you out with basic clothing, furniture, etc. But you can also buy expansion, game, and stuff packs to improve your experience. The expansion packs will give you the option to let your sim go to university, go through seasons, or even become a vampire. The base game, and packs are pretty expensive, but the worlds and families you create have endless possibilities, so I would say it's