 worth it :D
I've only been playing The Sims 4: Get Famous for three days now. And I've learned so much. It's gives positive messages, plus it's super fun. There isn't any sex. Although, you have the ability to go dates and nudity is not shown. You're able throw parties, go to parties. And there is mild violence.
@LindaS.'s right, the original game of The Sims 4 has lots of sex or (their term of sex) "woo-hoo". But Get Famous is basically about finding your path in fame. And it gives a really good message.
the sims 4 is awesome and everything to go with it too
Like Horribal Historys
(I Think I Spelled Horrible Wrong) This Game IS Soo Good And I Have A Switch But There's Not Many Games I Have (Only Two) But Its Good
Great concept - disturbing amount of hate speech
Bruh
Very addictive game
Good Game
Bad animation, terrible drawing graphix, scary for 10 under.
Toxic Community, Good Game
An imposter is Among us
This is an AWESOME game to play with friends.
Among us review
Too Many Glitches/Hackers
Great game
great!
Amazing!
So good!!!
Yall extra....
Awesome
my kids play it every day after school fisrt thing they say mommy its Among us time
Best game
Great game but not so great chat
fun game but just put on chat censor
Hi! If you are looking at this app to download for a kid under 14- don’t. I have no idea why it is rated 9+, the chat filter in terms of swearing is already lax, and you can turn it off very easily, with the click of a button. It still allows users to use the n word and many other horrible hateful words, completely uncensored. I was appalled when I joined a server and saw users using this kind of language. With the anonymity the app gives you (I.e. not being able to friend people or direct message) it gives people a bit too much confidence. I am flabbergasted at the rating for this app, and I ask the developers to change the chat filter so that the n word and the f slur are filtered out and kick the player out of their server immediately when used. I think they have a great game concept on their hands, the anonymity can be fun and freeing, it would be a shame for the app to turn into such a hotspot of hate. To parents, I would say to consider if your child should be having this app, educate them on the language, why it might be harmful to people, and show them how to handle a situation they see. It can be a super fun app, and there are options where they can only play with friends rather than strangers, but still, be cautious and stay aware. I will also note that the common sense review is two years old, therefore the game has changed a ton since it was written. There are now full chat options, entirely unmoderated. There are also tons of people saying sexually explicit and quite frankly disgusting things. You may also encounter