 lots of people sharing private information such as social media accounts, which you should NEVER do with a stranger, specifically in apps like Snapchat where messages and images they might send will immediately dissapear.
I see so many parents saying the chat is bad. That there are people saying bad stuff. That is true, however, in the settings there is a censor chat switch. If you click that then any bad stuff in the chat will show up as ***** so you are good to go. About the game among us. It is a great game where there are 5-10 players in each game. 1-3 of these players are impostor that go around killing the crew mates. That might sound bad but it is a very kid friendly game. There is no blood and the killing is goofy. Anyway, the crew mates try to find out who the impostors are and they vote people off. If the crew mates vote off all of the impostors then they win! But if the impostors kill all of the crew mates then they win! The crew mates have to do tasks around the space ship so that is another way to win. It is a great game and it’s one of my favorites. It is technically mafia but it is better.
This game is great for older kids because there is a lot of swearing in the chat if censored chat is off. Overall, GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is super fun, and I play it a lot. I feel like it's for older kids because there's violence, and blood (one of the objectives of the imposter is to kill all of the crewmates) but it's not super graphic. Also, there is a chat, but it can be censored. It's all around a good game.
Among Us is a game of teamwork, and betrayal. Some crewmates with bad animation dressed up with NASA suits, with backpacks have to complete tasks to takeoff. But before they do that, they have to find and track down the Impostor. The Crewmates... The crewmates have to do specific tasks all the time, in other to takeoff in a ship. They have the buttons: *Report *Use The crewmates are basically innocent people doing tasks. The Impostor(s)... The Impostor has to kill all the crewmates with a killing animation in other to win the game (that is what removes a star from my rating.) When the crewmates get killed by the Impostor, on their screen, they see either: *The Impostor stabbing a knife on their back severally *The Impostor turning the Crewmate's head around *The Impostor colliding his head with the Crewmates on the floor, then shooting the crewmate This is the Impostor's buttons on screen: *Kill *Report *Sabotage The "sabotage" means that the impostor can break the lights, or make the crewmates screen red for a cooldown. You can see the rest of how to play when you see Among Us' instructions on how to play. Also, Common Sense is wrong. Among