 us is not only on windows, but mobile. It is free on mobile. My point: Among us is very dreading. Especially when it comes to catching the Impostor(s). There are specific colors crewmates can use. There is also a lobby where players join, game menus, private servers, etc. All I'm saying is it is bad for 10- under. If YOU are a nine year old, thinking you can man up to this game, and when you play it, and when the impostor stabs you on the back, you'll be crying to your parents. DONT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE 10 UNDER. P.S.: Common Sense is kinda right, because windows doesn't give among us a free lunch, so it does cost some money on windows. IT IS STILL ON MOBILE THOUGH. FOR FREE. FOREVER. Oh yeah, there is a new map coming. It will be bigger than Polus.
This is a pretty good game, some graphics, but the community is very toxic. It does not even censor all the chat. It also has in game purchases, and may be violent sometimes. Anyways, it sharpens you detective skills, or deceiving skills... MUAHAHAHAHA. But I think the Roblox version may have a more filtered community. The Roblox version is titled "Impostor [Beta]" by Arcade Rockstar. I am a great fan of this game, and I prefer the app for the graphics and tasks, but prefer the Roblox for a kid friendlier community. Also make sure kids do not use their names or give out sensitive information.
It was just a regular weekend. I was scrolling through the different videos on YouTube, but nothing seemed interesting. I had watched all the recommendations, except 1. This video on the plot and lore for a game called “Among Us.” I clicked on the video and was fascinated. Among Us is an online game social deduction game. You really should play the extremely popular game and fun of Among Us. The sounds and audio in Among Us enhances the mood and playing experience of the game. It makes the game more realistic and more enjoyable. Even though 1 of the 3 types of controls in Among Us are less than ideal, overall the controls of this game and simple and easy to use. There are 3 types of controls, touch (on mobile), joystick (on mobile), and keyboard (PC). Rated in order from worst to best. As soon as you start playing Among Us, you will find that the graphics and art style of this game are beautiful. The characters may be simple but there are a lot of custom accessories to allow your character to be unique. Next time you are bored, with nothing to do except scroll through YouTube or Netflix, contact your friends or go on a public lobby and play Among Us. To play the extremely well-known game and entertaining game of Among Us will be extremely fun. Ironically, Among Us brings people together. You really should play it.
This game is about spacemen, and 1,2,or