 3 are impostors. There is little violence in this game. The controls are easy. It's Paid for Pc but its free for android and ios. If your play on a pubic server, people might curse on chat, but luckily they have a censor chat setting, and its automatically set on. Keep in mind you can purchase hats, skins (clothes) and pets, so be careful on letting a child with no concept of money buy it. This game is great! I highly recommend.
Among us is a great game! Here's why: - Among us is a game about lying and manipulation which is a very creative concept and original. -The death animations are outstanding. Not too much gore and they are only strokes of a red coloured pencil when the impostor kills someone. Here are some death animations you might receive in the game: Getting knifed, impaled, shot, but they are only on the screen for a few seconds and i don't think a 9-13 year old will find this as "too much gore!" I'm sick of families saying that there's too much language. of course IT IS AN ONLINE GAME. WHAT WOULD YOU EXPECT? Not everyone doesn't swear online. You can always turn on. And when you first start up among us it's literally on. Unless your child is curious and just turned it off. Conclusion: It's a great game! And not too much gore to be a murder mystery type of game. :D
Honestly, this game is good for pre-teens and up, but there are some horrible people that play the game. In my experience, I’ve had these situations happen: •Someone asked if others were a girl, then when someone said yes, they asked to go out with them. Online daters are all over this game now. •The game got hacked and showed defeat over and over with no proof of it being a loss. Hackers just want to up their stats, so they make the game get all weird. •Hosts of rooms can ban you literally any time they want in the lobby. I’ve seen hosts being racist and banning people for no reason. •People say their age and stuff in the chat. This is upsetting. Completely upsetting. •There is another app called Discord where people team up in calls and cheat. This makes it hard for others to win. This is so unfair. Yeah this game can get nasty, but the concept is fun and exciting. Also, there’s a little bit of blood and spiky tongues shooting in eyes, but nothing too bad.
This is a great game! Personally speaking, swearing does occur but if you turn on filters it's a lot better, of course people will bypass the system but you can ignore them or vote them out as you can only type in the waiting room or when discussing/voting. Since this game is playable with friends if you play with friends usually swearing/sexual references are less common and if you are the host you can kick or ban