 various patterns on the characters, and the sounds the characters make when they die, jump, or power up. Next time when you are unhappy, gloomy, or bored, just pick up a gaming console and go play.. Not only that the graphic quality is specific, the online player quality is also so epic, that this exciting game will get you addicted to it in no time!
everyone should play this USE YOUR IMAGINATION
Super Mario Maker 2 is a very good game. You can build levels and even worlds. It's really cool
This game is awesome (thanks to new updates)
Definitely an upgrade from the first. Easy to use, navigate, simple interface, etc. A lot of tutorials if you or your kid/s.
Great game, nothing inappropriate. New Super Mario Bros. U disappoints me way too much! They don't even have the simple acorn power up or the flying squirrels! You can only have 1 sub area while NSMBU had 2.. or more! If you play NSMBU (Wii U), you will release how much more there is in that game other than SMM2. But it's a very fun game, so I recommend.
Super Mario Maker 2's offline contents are suitable for all ages. Super Mario Maker 2's online contents are not suitable for all ages. While Super Mario Maker 2's online community is moderated to some regard, not everything a child may see can be seen as "child friendly". While infrequent, user generated comments that appear on online levels may show coarse language, sexual references, or anything not suited for "ages 6+". A child may still play this game, though parents should take caution when letting their children play levels submitted online.
This game is so much fun. I love playing it with my siblings and creating worlds is very easy. You can play other people’s games or make your own with a very easy interface. I would recommend it for kids who are a little older, because some of the levels can be hard. They are always possible because the creator has to beat the level to post it.
A very creative game, good for your child imagination, even fun for adults!
A lot better than the first one with so many more things to do. The story mode is quick and easy and let's you get a ton of extra stuff. I would recommend this game to anyone.
Very great game to play with your family on the switch. I got it for my Nintendo switch on the day it came out. It is a very fun game
There is plenty to enjoy in this title. While hundreds of little ticks were removed there is TONS added. Multiplayer, to let your kids run around in a 2d plain with friends over! Plus, nothing like references to alcohol or that much is in here. I've played this for over 150 hours and not only do you get a full-on story mode but the opportunity to create your own game out of 5 titles present, such as Super Mario Bros, Super Mario Bros