 them. The violence is pretty basic, limited blood and killing, but if the lights are off it can be scary if you are killed. The killing animations can also be scary to kids, but they are also quick and cartoonish. This game also teaches manipulation/lying if you are the imposter, so if you are a parent worried about this, you could always monitor your child playing or make sure they aren't the imposter, this is a fun part of the game however. All in all, this is a great party game for tweens and teens and it's fun to play with friends.
this game it’s really fun, it’s a game we’re you complete tasks, try not to get murdered, and get rid of the imposter. or maybe you’ll be the imposter. there’s no gore and it’s all simple cartoons. the only bad thing is there’s lots of swearing and inappropriate things that are said/can be said in the chat. if you are worried about that you can always put on the chat block.
This game is great. I really love this game. It is amazing and very fun. It has violence and horror themes but it is enjoyable.
Lol the game isnt even bad. If your child is sensitive to that kind of stuff like a public chat then I understand 100%. These parents got me dead, dead like a cockroach.
If you're kid wants to play this you should let them you can turn off swearing and blood and chose to play with friends instead of strangers though you should still have them sit where you can see them while playing just to be cautious. And don't let them give out information
you should let your kids play
This game increases your IQ Really fun Although people can say bad words in the chat, you can censor the chat. When you get killed, it shows a clip of you getting killed, it can be in different ways but its not scary at all, whenever someone gets killed you can see the body in half with the bone sticking out, and whenever you see the imposter killing someone, there is some blood spurt... But anyways, IT'S A REALLY GOOD GAME AND YOU SHOULD GET IT
If your a kid under 10 looking to download this game then my advice is talk to your parents first because although the game is fine for most ages the chat can be not so great here is some information on the game: Violence 5/10: The aim of the game is if your imposter your goal is to sabotage and kill everyone if you kill someone there are multiple different ways to kill them (stabbing them through the eyes, pushing them over then shooting them, twisting the neck till it breaks, and punching them) these ways don’t look to frightening, after you kill them they fall over and look like coloured hams with one big bone sticking out but not to scary as it is extremely cartoonish Sex 6/10: This is NOT