 Great Game!
Nice..
nothing can beat this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!
Great Game
Among Us
Awesome.
Karen’s just let your kids play it not big of a deal
Cool game
Very violent!!!!
very good game
Best game for quarantine
It's fun and that's all it really needs to be
Complete Garbage. You should have played it back in 2018.
Fun Game when your bored.
InnerSloth Has Done It Again!
An amazing game
Its not inappropriate its just fantasy gore and mild blood
Among Us is A+
Weird scary things on app
This game is absolutely great. The people that say 18+ are sooo dumb, sure, there's a swear word from time to time, but there is an option to censor swear words. Also, you do kill other players when you're the impostor, but the animations are no different from drawing a red line. The game is really great, and I must go since my friends wanna play Among Us.
Simple graphics make the game attractive and simple. Has censor chat feature, but no moderation, therefore players may get past it. No grotesque images. Overall, a fun detective game, but it is an indie game, by a small indie company. No one could possibly monitor all those groups, keep in mind. Death is not much of a problem, considering that the animations are short, there is not an inappropriate amount of blood, just a few red circles. Monitor your kids, and possibly play with them to keep them safe. Play European servers if you go public, or play with sibs and friends privately. I monitor my little sibs to keep them safe, instead of being paranoid, parents, monitor your kids. -- PlayThatBatim
has a quite strong strobe of violence not suitable for under 13s DEFFINETLY GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So. Fun. I play this with my friends all the time and even if you are sensitive to blood (which some think is a big issue in the game) buy it anyway! This murder mystry with cute characters is fun, amusing, and a great way to connect. I recommend this to anyone looking for something to do with friends online! Get it on any apple device besdies a Mac. Avalible on PC too.
This is a great game and I love it but because of the chat function the game can have lots of inappropriate words so I would not suggest kids playing.
While I was playing among us I got in this room everyone was really nice then I was the imposter I won I rejoined the group by now 2 people called "Bean" and "Blue" started to call me a hoe. I apologized but it didn't help. Then everyone left and I was in a room with "Blue" he asked me how old I was, what state I lived in, what my name was, and other personal questions. Then he asks if I'm single... I tell him the truth, "Yes, but I don't want to date right not I'm getting over my mentally abusive ex" then he starts calling me a hoe, again. Then asks if I think smoking and or vaping is cool, I tell