 him no. He starts calling me a hoe again. Finally is cousin, "Burrito" comes in and tells him to stop. I also found out that he was 16 lives in California while I'm 11 and in Kansas? He then has the nerve to ban me. This is my second story. I was in a Among Us game it was just me, my friend, and the host. The host asks my friend out. She says no. He turns around and asks me out I say, "You are a perv for asking someone you don't know to date you... now leave me alone and play the game..." He calls me a perv for calling him a perv. I tell him that doesn't make since. My friend jumps in calls him a perv and to leave us alone. Then he calls us both pervs and hoes and bans us from the game. So as you can see if the chat could be censored and you can only say certain things. There was also profound swearing, talking about sex, a lot of violence, way to much talk about drugs, smoking, vaping, and drinking. great example, right. *Note the sarcasm* There is also a lot of concerns with hackers and your kids learning things you don't want to learn yet.
This game is incredible, its free, online to play with friends, and pursues perseverance. This has a bit of violence, well I mean a lot. Well not too much just kill animations, stabbing, and chopping in half. It has a bit of horror but otherwise incredible game.
This game is for kids nothing rong with it it’s like they can even grab a knife and stab someone with it and if you think that your over thinking things get some rest alright you herd it from a 12 year old but there is some swearing it there but there is a setting to block swears
The swearing filters are a bit off, which is why I rate this 13 and up. Not to mention the moderate violence. I don’t think the game is suitable for kids.
Way too much blood! Hey get shot in the head,snap necks,stab to death,and stick their tounge through others heads. When they die their dead body will be shown,in half,with their bone sticking out. Overall way to gruesome,I couldn't even handle it.
it teaches teamwork but anyway there is an option to censor the chat it has great influence
I’m a kid and ever since I’ve got the game I’ve played for 50.4 hours (I got it a month ago). The game consists of 1-3 impostors and 9 crewmates. The crew have to do tasks like downloading data and shooting asteroids. The impostor(s) have to sabotage and kill the crewmates without the crew finding you. I recommend this game for 10+ because there are small blood particle effects when you kill someone as the impostor. Also if your kids are playing it and they get into a game where people are saying swears and other things