 there is a button in settings that sensors chat ( it’s automatically on when you first get the game) besides that it’s a great party game to play with friends and family!
All I can really say is that it's Among Us; most youths play this game or at least have some sort of interest in it. I'll try to make the review quick since I don't have much to say that others haven't already. The game is solid in most regards, but there are a few balance issues (i.e. three killer games are too easy for killers, maybe the new map changes this but I haven't played on it so I don't know for sure). Possible objectionable content: Fantasy Violence: Violence is unrealistic and done in a similarly unrealistic context. The game has somewhat violent killings (all but one are bloodless) during randomized death animations. There are four death animations if you get murdered, all of which are brief; 1. The Impostor smacks your spaceman to the ground and blasts them with a pistol; either your character's head or hand explodes but either way there's no blood. 2. The Impostor snaps your neck and your guy falls to the floor, dead. 3. The Impostor impales their tongue through your character's head. 4. The Impostor stabs your character until they drop dead with the knife in their back. All the Impostor sees when killing is a corpse falling to the floor. Blood: Mild depictions of blood. When the Impostor kills a crew-mate, a small and brief gush of blood is seen flying from their body. The images accompanying the tutorial also depict small pools of blood around bodies.
This game is extremely boring , why? It's because you go around and do lame and boring tasks. Garbage. Another thing is if your an imposter, you go around and kill people and get caught doing that (most of the time) GARBAGE. Welcome to 2020 you noobs who play it at this time. Another lame thing you do is vote and get killed like I said before. (not the voting, the killing) When you vote you have to find out/guess who the imposter was. GARBAGE!!! Absolutely boring and lame game. It's on Steam for $5 to. WHO PAYS $5 FOR A GARBAGE GAME THAT'S $5??? Really boring. Absolutely lame. 100% Garbage. One more thing is you had time back in 2018 to play it but NO, you noobs decide to play it NOW!!! IN 2020!!! Absolutely ridiculous.
I love playing it, Its fun for lunch and with friends. Like mario party you can lose friendships!
Among Us is a great game! I play it every night with my friends, and we always have a blast. It's a great game to play with your friends, seeing as we can't meet and play physically. I chose it to be 13+ because of the mild chat issue. I personally don't have a problem with the chat, and I know the limits. However, if a parent is supervising the chat,