 ages 7 and up can play it. I allow my younger sister to play it (who is 8) but I either sit with her, or tell her not to use the chat. I would strongly advise to keep the chat censored at ALL TIMES, If your siblings or kids are sensitive, and get easily scared, this is not the game for them. It could be violent, (only a little blood) or scary, (the fear of being murdered). All in all I think it is a great game, and we should all try it out!
You guys realize that there's a censor chat and it is automatically on when you first get the game, right? You can always turn it off, and it censors a lot of stuff so I don't understand why you people want moderated chat if it's already there? Anyways, I think it's an amazing game, I like playing it with my friends, and I recommend playing it yourself if you haven't!
i think this game is good it has some educational stuff like teamwork trying to find out who imposter is but if you want your kid to no see any dirty stuff turn censored chat on so it blocks out anything bad like swears or anything but yeah i think 9 and up is good if you cant trust your kids playing alone watch them play. Just say that the only rule for you to play among us is while supervised
I love among us and among us is a great game besides I think there should be more colors and I think the game developers should stop the hacking. It has been brought to my attention that there is some bad words and sexual words in the chat but that can be filtered out by using the Censor that parents of younger children can use to filter out the bad words. Words like stupid, idiot, fat, etc. is not filtered out. But I give this game a 13/10 in my opinion.
So once I was playing this game and got killed by a cyan imposter. The screen that came up showed the imposter getting out a gun, shooting me (yellow). As soon as my character reaches his hand out for help he gets shot again and blood spurts. The game is fun, but also really violent. I play kick the buddy but that don’t really have blood. It’s ok, but be ware of the game violence.
Among us: Good or bad
Among Us is entertaining
The Best Game in the 21st Century
AMAZING!!!!!!!
Among Us. It’s just great.
I Think That Among Us is a good game
a great game
Among Us is a good game for kids
Play Among Us among your friends.
Among Us is very entertaining
The game Among Us
Download Among Us!
Among Us is Incredible!
you should defienel play Among us.
Among Us
Among Us is Awesome...but my parents don't like me playing it...
Excellent Game
Hao Bang Bang, Hue-Among-Us
among us
Among sUs
It is a close game, only 2 crewmates left. The imposter is running, running to me. In a flash, I’m dead.