 Do you want to know what game this is? This game is called Among us. Among us is free on IOS, Android, and PC. You can get it on apple store, Google play, and Microsoft store. Among us features many kinds of things. As long as you like game maps and astronauts, you will like Among us. However, Among us only features one type of game which I think can be improved. Among us is very fun when no one cheats. If you like mystery, next time play Among us. I guarantee you 100% you won’t regret it.
This video game Among Us is very understandable, also, allows you to choose a lot of stuff, and last but not least, entertaining. In this video game, there is one imposter which is a shape changing monster that tries to kill everyone before the rest of the crewmates eject you to outer space. The crewmates on the other hand try to fix the ship and figure out the imposter. One reason you should get among us is that it is very understandable because when you are imposter, there are buttons on your screen that says, kill, vent or sabotage. Also when you are crew mate the tasks are highlighted in yellow and when imposter(s) sabotage, the flashing arrows will guide you to the fixing area. Another reason that you should get among us is because it allows you to choose lots of things. One example of that is when you are the host you can change the speed, time, and many more! The last reason for you to be convinced to get among us is that it is entertaining. One example is when you are an imposter, you will need to seek and kill and then leave or report. Among Us is understandable, allows you to choose lots of things and lastly, entertaining. I highly recommend this amazing app.
It was the gloomiest of all Mondays ever. But then, an idea popped into my head. 'Why not have a little fun?' I thought. Of course, I was about to play the mysterious, super fun game- Among Us! To play a simple, high quality game with very few bugs, glitches or hacks is heaven. The animation is cute, iconic and even a little realistic. One thing that I really appreciate is that the game is updated regularly. although Among Us doesn't block hackers immediately, there are little errors in the game . As long as you actually pay attention, the game is very easy to work with. The plot is straight forward, impostor or not. The instructions are in the game lobby. Both the music and the sound effects are funny but small. They really bring more tension into the game. All in all, Among Us is not arguably the BEST GAME ever. You are missing out in LIFE if you don't play it. Enjoy!
This game is amazing! If your child wants to play this I would let them. The game is about a group