 of people some are chosen to be imposter and some are chosen to be a crewmate. The crewmates try to complete tasks while the imposters try to kill them before they can finish the tasks. This may sound violent but it is not at all graphic and the worst thing that is shown is the imposter twisting the crewmates neck, but yet again its not realistic in any way is isn't any worse then what your child would see on shows such as SpongeBob . Overall this game is really good. The chat is RARELY inappropriate and the people almost never have bad names. Usually the players names are simply things along the lines of Sprout, Lemon, or Draco from harry potter"
Among Us is a great game for people 10+. The game includes minimal blood and violence. Among Us is a game where there is 1, 2, or 3 impostors trying to kill 4-9 crew mates. The crew mates objective (for victory) is to finish tasks or vote out the impostor. The goal of the impostors is to kill enough people so that the remaining amount of people is even to the amount of impostors remaining, That’s how they win. The game can contain swearing, but there is a button which can toggle the chat filter on or off. The game is great for teaching people lying and manipulation. Overall, it’s a great game! You should totally download it. There are some in app purchases, but it shouldn’t cost too much.
I things Among Us is a great game but there is quite a bit of swearing in the chat and the censor chat does not work if the person taking out a letter so that they can get through censoring
I love the game i play it almost every day. when people talk about the graphic bits i dont really get why because it doesn’t look realistic. the sensor chat always works and i find that i dont need it in most games i play. nobody has asked me for any information. super fun to play!!!
Why i think Among Us is a good game for kids to play is because they can learn to work together to solve problems,Which could help them in real life situations
As another boring day reaches me, I switch on my Apple TV for another weapon to defeat the feeling of dread and next thing you know, I'm playing Among Us and I knew I would never be bored again. The first thing you see is the cute alien that is made to be your character, which of course can also be customized by altering its hat, skin and pet. In total, there are 13950 different outfits with their own looks and 3 different backgrounds with their own feeling. Even though the animated characters do a good job in catching the players’ eyes, the perfectly well-paired sound effects. There are 36 sounds that fit together perfectly and make the game more interesting. There are basically 2 roles,