 Rise Of The Tomb Raider, and this one) involving where Lara, while exploring a Mayan temple, accidentally sets off the apocalypse that will end everything, and she must stop it by solving a riddle. And yes, this adventure game has brilliant graphics, great gameplay and fascinating characters and areas, making it a good conclusion to the prequel trilogy. I say those old teens can handle the violence and swearing in this game. Thanks!
This game is an epic conclusion to the trilogy, and easily one of my favorite games. The story is incredible and emotional, and will knock you off your feet it’s so good. As good as it is, there is fairly violent combat (like a slightly more bloody Uncharted), but the most violence is seen in large quantities of blood, bones, and very occasionally some mutilated corpses, but the disturbing corpses are mostly contained in one section of the game. There is also a seen where you witness a human sacrifice, although Lara is sickened by it, not supporting it. Besides lots of profanity, that’s about it. Before you shut this down as a disturbing and violent game, I encourage you to try it because it truly is a masterpiece, and the good far outweighs the bad. The combination of beautiful graphics and landscapes, stunning effects, superb voice acting, and an emotionally driven amazing story, this game is a must-have for your console.
This game is a lot like it’s predecessors in that it does contain gruesome images and brutal violence. Whilst their is blood shown frequently when Lara takes down an enemy, those who are familiar with the reboot saga won’t be surprised to what they see. With new stealth abilities Lara can sneak up behind enemies and stab them multiple times with both her knife and axe with visible blood shown. Other than that, the game does contain graphic sacrificial imagery. In one scene, the player must climb through a gruesome cavern with bodies hung everywhere and an area littered with bloody bodies and climb through substantial amounts of the aftermath of those rather unlucky victims. As well as that in one scene, the half eaten body of a person is shown briefly. There is however minimal actual sacrifices displayed, however only what is left in their wake. It wouldn’t be Tomb Raider without a few ‘horror esque’ moments as well, (without spoiling too much) expect some enemy’s that aren’t quite all human and quite a few jump scares in a few places that may catch you off guard. Over all, this game is a fantastic end to an incredible trilogy, the story is well thought out and clever and gives a sense of completion to the journey Lara has been on (as well as a few heartfelt moment along side it all). If you’re a fan and have played the last two games, expect the same levels of violence, gore and a few good scares. But if you’re new, this game is definitely not ok for anyone