 3, World, U, and 3D World! I never thought it would work but I was VERY wrong.
want bascs for level maiking? GET THIS GAME
This game is great for any age the violence is not glorified and level creation is easy to wrap your head around also Nintendo manages to keep inappropriate things out of comment sections
So cool, every kid worth they’re salt should have it!
Creative, fun and difficult game.
MM2
Great, Fun Game!
Super Mario Maker 2 is a game where you build you’re very own game levels and share them online where You can also play other people’s games! Although the Mario part about it doesn’t sound so profane or violent, the online content can be at a moderate level. Throughout ONLINE gameplay, you’ll see people commenting things like “Vape Nation”, “Godd*mn Odrisscol Gang” And other language that isn’t any stronger then sh*t. These comments would usually be optional to look at, but in this game comments are seen inside levels! If the content is too sexual, profane, violent, or offensive Nintendo will take it down, but that doesn’t mean they won’t allow some mature themes. During story mode, Characters will swear and drop suggestive comments occasionally. There is one use of cr*p and 2 uses of d*mn. You won’t see any violent graphic things other then Mario’s mushroom stomp or Meowsers head crushing move (with some crunching sounds). All violent and bad things aside, players encourage each other in Versus and Cooperative game modes with limited chat design that only allows nice things like “nice work!”, “great job!”, “thanks” but with an exception of the frustrated statement “how?!?!”. OVERALL: Although Maria maker has some nasty chat comments, it promotes lots of team work, and nice words!
I have given it a higher age rating due to some profane user-given comments, as well as some rage inducing levels, and I doubt a lot of kids bellow this age will create quality levels.
Love this game! It's really simple and you don't just have to make courses, you can make almost whatever comes to your mind and test out new ideas. I love how you can play other courses other players have shared and share your own courses. Also its handy since its on multiple Nintendo devices. A bit of violence though for little kids but otherwise great!
Awesome for Kids
I have started playing this game a lot since it came out, and let me tell you, I have heard 0 uses of profanity. The violence is limited and the gore isn't high at all. The only thing I would caution is there are some scenes that could be frightening because of the supernatural theme.