 details that make it nice to see. You could customize your character in multiple ways, like adding over 50 items like hats, masks, and a humongous spectrum of fashionable, simple accessories you can wear to your liking. The simplicity of the art results in a refined, smooth animation you would enjoy. Among Us is a game definitely worth your precious time. The compelling gameplay will make you feel like you are in the starry spaceship itself, wandering around, helping around doing your tasks cheerfully until you go in a room and there’s a.... dead corpse. I recommend it for 9-year-olds and older.
One day, I had just finished my homework and got really bored. I opened up my computer and started to watch YouTube. As I was scrolling through the homepage, I found this video about a trending video game, Among Us. Everyone in school, or should I say every single living human being on Earth was talking about it! So, I downloaded it on my phone. I tried a few rounds and it was true, the game was extremely fun. I could go on for hours for playing this! You should definitely try this multiplayer game because of the sound effects, graphics, and most of all, it is entertaining. Picture this, if you were to play a game with no sound, it will surely be very boring. I mean, no one would want to play that sort of game and would probably delete it immediately. But Among Us has great sound effects. If the graphics have poor quality, then no one will want to play it. Who on earth would like to play that? However, Among Us have great quality graphics and it is very smooth. Whenever you are extremely bored, all you have to do is to grab your nearest electronic device and download it! Even though most parents might say that kids should not be playing video games because it makes them anti-social, Among Us actually improves their social skills and teamwork by finding out who the imposter(s) is. Even though the chat may contain some bad language, they can turn on censored chat, the swear words will turn into ****. Trust me, it will be totally worth your time. From personal experience, Among Us is a great game and I’m 100% sure you will love it!
The first time I discovered Among Us was when I first received a life-saving email from my best friend. She wrote, “I’ve just recently discovered this new game, Among Us! Everyone is playing it! You should totally try it!” Among Us is the best game ever. Even though Among Us is such a high quality game, it’s easy to access, and it’s free! Whereas I’ve never met the creators in real life. They’re so open on their company’s website, I feel like I know them, and I can rest assured that they're not stealing my personal information. Whether you’re a fantasy fanatic or science geek, Among Us could be the best game