 Great game, my parents think it’s not safe...
Great Game- Just Stick with Private Mode.
AMAZING GAME
Really Good!
For mature 8+
Make sure your kids don't give out private info!
Fun Murder Mystery-Styled Game!
Awesome!
Fun cartoonish game
Great game but.....
Great game!
Dont understand all the high age ratings
Amazing game with little violence, and fun for most people.
Among us is the Great game of the century
Good enough. So I like , well why is it 11 plus?
Crewmate: there is one great game among us.
Good but...
Pretty Good, Not Too Young
Inappropriate content in chat
Amazing
I am 13 and my parents are super strict. Most of the time I’m not allowed to have 9+ games because of the chat that other people can find my location and get my personal information. Well there is not setting that allows you to share your location or personal info or even and email address on Among Us. So if someone does get your personal info off of among us it’s your fault not the people you play with or the app, it’s you. Just keep that in mind when your thinking about letting your child get the app. My mom doesn’t trust the people on there, but there is nothing they can do to get your info off of the app unless you tell them. It’s super fun otherwise.
I have personally never played on public, just done several games with people I know. If you stick with just playing Among Us on private with your friends then you should be fine. Not super violent, but if you decide to play a murder mystery game then there is, well, murder. If you are play a sport/are in band/etc. then this is a good choice for long team bus rides.
Great game but there is some slight violence and users can interact. The users can chat with each other and some people might say bad words but the app covers it with stars. Some online dating. Some people ask what age they are and where they are from. I think nine or ten year olds are smart enough to not answer to that. Slight violence (a gun shooting or a knife stabbing) and a tiny bit of blood. But it's a great app and I highly recommend it.
Its a Good Game, Its a good game For Social skills, it can enchance someone's lying ability, which is a downside, it might be stressful sometimes, but the tasks and the joy of ejecting an impostor is really good, 10/10 Would Reccomend.
A lot of people on commonsense media say that there is no blood but there is. When you get killed by the imposter, a quick, cartoony animation plays. There is a gun animation and the imposter shoots you but not to much blood. The imposter can also snap your neck and ... impale you with their sharp tongue?.. the gameplay is fairly easy and minimal. If you are a crewmate then you go around doing simple tasks.(connecting wires, shooting asteroids, emptying trash, etc etc etc). If The imposter kill someone and