 a crewmate report it, you will go into a chat room with the people in you round. People can be vulgar and there is no limitations to what they can say. you can kick and report players, or turn on chat censor, but there is a bypass for that. If you are the imposter then you go around sabotaging systems and killing other crewmates. There is also inappropriate usernames like c??chigrab and hotgirl/boy. Hate speech is minimal but trump2020 is a popular username and sometimes the will call you n****a and other hateful messages if you say Biden or pretty much any other president.
The violence in this game isn't much of a problem, because it is not bloody or anything. I said 10 and up, but I think 7, 8, and 9 year olds can play this, but only in a private game with people you know well, like their cousins, friends from school or other classes, siblings, etc. I think that because one time I was in a game, and someone litrally said their WHOLE NAME!
Super Fun, but has one simple thing. Swearing. I love this game, but I have seen in chat people swearing at me and at other people. It isn't very fun when that happens.
This game is amazing! There is not a lot of blood. The object of the game is do the tasks they list on the top left. You want to do the tasks without being killed by the "imposter."
Among us has taken the world by storm these past months. It has a fun cartoony art style. There is some violence and blood when killing a crewmate like stabbing or shooting in little animation. After the crewmate has a bone sticking out and is a ghost until the next round. There is a chat so you can talk and find out who the impostor is. There is a profanity filter but does not filter 100 percent of words and slurs. I think this is a cartoony game good for ages 9 and up.
Honestly it's a great game.It teaches you teamwork through hard times.Although for parents I must warn you.It contains: A little usage of blood (about small circles of blood you can barely see) and has killing scenes with weapons like knives,guns etc.So parents if you don't want to expose your children to this I prefer you don't get the game.There is also a very big problem with the game.It contains people cursing in some servers.Although they censor out the bad words it still may be offensive to some people.Hackers also come from this problem but other than that great game.It's more safer to play with friends than in a server.
It’s amazing! It’s a game that really makes you think. In fact, it’s a murder mystery game, just with real people around the globe online each playing as a character in the map. And the chat feature also censors curse words, so you don’t have to worry about that. The reason I’m not saying