 that 8 year olds can play it, though, is because they’re always just randomly voting out who they think the imposter is and never really have much reasoning as to why. They just really seem to like being dumb about things. If you’re an 8 year old, please stop being dumb in Among Us, and maybe I’ll change my rating.
I dont understand why evreyones like ¨10 and up¨"I have even seen 17 and up too! my 8(soon to be 9) year old brother plays it and its fine. There is very little amount of blood and the bullying thing is not an issue just ban them or leave the game. lying is part of the game? big deal its all in good fun and if you don't like lying dont allow them to play party games like mafia(which is a family friendly party game) another thing they complain about is swearing, this is easily avoidable by kicking them if your the host or turning censor chat on
Any child can have fun on this game, as long as they can read and write. This might be a TINY bit scary for younger kids (ages 6 and below), this is a simple game fun for everyone. I play it with my big family, and we have a fun time together. even if people do swear on here, theres a way to censor it (take a look in the settings)
Speaking from a 12 year old's point of view, this is a fantastic game. It is easily appropriate for 10 year olds except for one thing. The chat. People often use the chat for speaking about inappropriate things such as sex and they try to get personal information out of you. I've even heard pretty much every bad word used in the chat. But as long as you keep the censor chat option and know how to keep your info private this game will be good for you.
Among us is a game where there is ONE IMPOSTOR that could win or lose. If you are NOT the impostor you should do your tasks.
I love this game, The graphics are simple and it's easy to play. But for the kiddo's, I suggest you enable the "sensor chat" option in settings and give them the old privacy online speech. Other than that, this game is fun and addictive, while people sometimes put harmful or political stuff in chat, this can be solved by changing what lobby you are in, the best way to stop them is to ignore them, there are dumb-dumbs on this planet, just ignore them. The game shares a similar story to a move from the mid-1900s called "The Thing" but with a lot less bad stuff.
I love this game but since there are no accounts attached to the players people feel free to say what they want in the chat. If your child is under 11 I feel it is fine for them to play if they are either in a private