 server or if they are the host of the server. If they are the host they can kick a player from the server. The description of this game and the killing is highly overstated, these "kill animations" are cartoon and comical and not super violent. You should teach your child to kick people when they have a name like "horny" which comes up quite a bit. This is a fun game and as long as you are careful is a great way to build teamwork.
This is a pretty amazing game for teens. Anyone under 12 probably shouldn't play for the chat and ways to customize usernames. You can censor the chat, but some people find ways to sneak around the censoring. It's playing with random people all over the world, so make sure your kid is trusted enough to play it. There's also a private feature, where you can just play with people you give your code to. No random people there.
Among Us is a game of Information, teamwork and betrayal. Players can choose to be a host of a public or private room, or join a room hosted by their friends or anyone around the world. There can be 4-10 players in each game, but there is/are 1-3 imposter/s threatening to kill rest of the crew to take control of the ship. the game contains mild blood, fear, and the players may not trust on others on the reporting of dead bodies or an emergency meeting. If you child is above 10, and plays with friends is fine, but do not make your kids an addict. As per my recommendation, you can allow your kids to play the game online with other players around the world, if you kid is above 12 as there is bloodshed, fear, and may contain inappropriate words in the discussion chat of meetings. Whether you kids are above or below 12, I do not recommend playing this game that much. But there are many games PEGI 3, Check them out!
I think this is a amazing game. It shows that you have to think a lot to find out who the imposter is and win the game, although that is not always the case, because if the gets enough kills, they can win the game. also, when the imposter kills someone, it is kind of funny sometimes because of the animations or if the imposter turns the light off, it limits the players view and if the imposter kills you, it is like a little jump scare. the kill animations are very cartoony and not that gory, as I have graphed and there is not a single animation over 2 seconds. I have had some problems with people cursing or saying inappropriate words in the chat, but you can either censor these words with **** to make the chat not include cursing. you can do this by pressing the gear when you open the game and right under the volume settings, there is a option