 to censor the chat. Also. I find that the European servers generally have less cussing in general. the game is free on mobile and costs only 5 dollars on steam if you have a pc. for pc. the movement controls are wasd, and you have to use the mouse to report a dead body or do a task. If you are on mobile, there is a option between touch and a joystick and I find the joystick is much, much easier to use and you have to press on the buttons to do the same things. overall, this game is probably one of the funnest and best games that I have played. also, if you don't believe me, just search up among us on youtube.
Quite good
Really Fun, Kind of Addictive!
Among us rating from Aivee
good game but don't play too seriously
Great game
Simple game fun for everyone
Good game but not for kids
Fun game but not recommended for kids under 10
Doesn't encourage deceit
Great Game is Taking Over the World
Among us
Very good
it is good
Among us but its yes
amazing
BEST GAME EVER
Exciting and fun but a little gory
Among us
Great Game with only a slight bit of violence!
Well when I played the first time, I was quite lost in the maps, but it is outstanding, I am suggesting 10 years because some teens or other grownups say WTF and stuff like that, I would say to sensor chat so you don't see anything bad, when it sensors chat it replaces the f word as ****, so I think it is OK. Enjoy the best game out right now!
I've only played this game a couple times but it was really fun. Even though sometimes there is a dead body, it is just a little icon with X-eyes on the floor. Gore is definitely not a problem. It is pretty easy once you get the hang of t. If parents are worried about hackers and scammers and stuff, you can make a private room with just your friends. People sometimes swear in the chat but there is an option to sensor it. It is really fun and quick. I would recommend it and say it is safe and most parents would agree.
This game is overall really nice, I do think it would be unsuitable for children under the age of 9. There is swearing and some people have inappropriate usernames, but you can filter the swear words if you wish. The gore is not too bad.
this game is good the reason i give it a 12+ is because 10 and under would not be good at this game and i highly recommend you keep the censor chat filter on because there is some profanity the only thing it will censor is profanity there is a lot of lying in this game so as i said don't take it seriously but its a good game there is too much swearing if you keep the censor chat off there is also a lot of team work! but there is an impostor