 among us
This game would be great for all ages, but there are no chat moderators so players can basically say anything in the chat. Also, there is murder, but that can't really be changed or it would ruin the game. Otherwise, its a very nice game with teamwork and strategy among players.
This is a great game. While sometimes chats can have offensive language, This can be easily fixed by turning on censor chat which basically bleeps out swear words. If your kid knows how to not listen to people who will swear then this game is fine for them. And violence is minimal
This game is good for anyone above the age 13 the reason is their are sexual references and some violence, I’ve. Played this game for a month and my experience tells me that this game isn’t for kids under the age of 13, sure theirs a setting that removes curse words but players could very easily bypass it. The game isn’t that violent but their is some blood and gore to it, as long your teens aren’t disgusted/scared of blood and gore this is a perfect game for them. The chat is inappropriate also I’ve seen many people swear and using sexual references. I’ve once joined this server and a kid was
Among Us is a fun game I've been playing for a couple weeks, I think it's a bit too violent for little kids to play. A lot of the killing scenes are pretty violent, they aren't realistic but are pretty iffy for younger kids. The violence in this game isn't really why I think this game should be for kids 10+, it's that the chat function doesn't exactly have a sensor on language. There is a "censor chat" option, I don't have it on, so I don't really know if it works, but it might. There also are just private rooms so your kids can just play with people they know, rather than complete strangers. I've seen people in chat saying some incredibly explicit things and kids should obviously never see.
A lot of people say that this game is encouraging lying, but that isn't what it encourages, instead it encourages you to think deeply and try to problem solve as a crewmate. As an impostor you have to be smart and try to remain a step ahead of everyone else. You might say that it encourages lying but I can assure you that your child wont even care. The blood isn't even blood, more of a red circle. If your worried about language then probably don't let them play.
I'd say that it's fine for 9 and up to play. I mean, I don't think a 9 year old should have phone, you should at least be in middle school, but if they were just playing on someone else's phone, it would be fine. Whenever I explain the game to someone I say it's like mafia(a kids game, ask someone or look it up and you'll know) on