 a spaceship. It's really fun weather you're a crewmate or an imposter. There is some violence as the imposter's goal is to kill everyone, but no graphic at all. It's all animated and the different ways of killing someone are getting shot, getting stabbed by a knife, getting stabbed by a long spear, and getting your neck snapped. Like I said before, it's all animated and is on your screen for about five seconds. When I say different ways of getting killed, I don't mean the imposter can kill someone, the game randomly chooses a way, so don't worry about that. If you're worried about the chat feature. Sometimes people will say inappropriate stuff, but it'll probably go over your kids' head. People do curse, but you have an option of the chat being censored. It will instead appear as a *. For example instead of saying crap it would be ****. But also, your kid will hear cursing all the time when they're older, or if they're in middle school, they probably already do. You also don't make an account where you have to put information. You just choose a name, which can be anything and play. No one will know your name, what you look like, what your voice sounds like(as there is no talking), or any other information. This is a really cool game and if you have any questions about it just ask someone you know and they can clear up your worries. Thanks for reading this long review and I hope it helps.
This game is fine for kids 8+ Violence wise, not that bad. It’s not graphic and not disturbing. The ways you can kill people is kinda disturbing but because of the graphics it’s not bad at all. Language is kinda bad. I’ve seen people say homophobic, racist, and just be plain offensive, but their is a option to censor the chat. Sexy stuff: well, there are some mildly suggestive names that people can name themselves. I’m not going into the names but you can imagine:) Alcohol/Drugs: nothing but people can make names. Violence: 2/10 Language 7/10 Sexy stuff 5/10 Drugs/alcohol 1/10
Among Us is really great. 1 thing is the unsupervised chat and there can some swearing. But, if there's a time when there's too much there's the option to exit. But, other than that it's really great games for friends and family to play together.
I think that this is age appropriate for kids 8 and up because it is a cartoon style and there is no blood if you are a fan of a game that does not get boring and keeps you on the edge of your seat then among us is for you
Games great phenomenal but anyone under like 6 yrs old should not play this it's kind of violent if you die very minimal blood but there is a dead body with one bone so and also a death animation where you get shot stabbed or stabbed by tounge. But