 Good game, bad community
I enjoy it.
Fun Game
among us = good game
Reds kinda sus tho
Fun game for kids to play with friends. Beware of cat fishing.
Ok..
Except for a few little things quite acceptable.
SO FUN!!!!
Perfect game for family and freinds!
Great game!
great for any ages
Great for emproving ur brain
parents are you dumb?
so good
I suck at the game
among us
my 6yr old coison plays this
This game is a really good murder mystery game. Anybody can play this. It's very family friendly too. There are some troubles though. 1. You are playing with other players. That means there is a chat, which can be very toxic at times. Also cursing is a thing 2. People leave if they are not the imposter, which is just annoying. This game is probably the best game for big groups of people up to 10 people.
If your child doesn't know many cuss words or can't handle violence, dont let them play this. Other than that is beans walking around doing tasks with a imposter among them. The imposter kills a crewmate, and they have to investigate who they think the imposter is.
This game is really fun. Me and my friend spend hours playing it almost every day. I would say it is a bit addicting, but that's ok if you monitor the time your child spends on it. There is some cussing in the chat but most kids 10 and up will know to ignore it. The graphics didn't scare me at all. I think the game is fine for kids 10+.
I think this game is for 7 and up and i saw the parent reviews and those are not true because among us is basically a survival game. my step sister plays it and she has done 14 tasks without being killed once and she is 20 years old. my brother plays it and he is 9 and he is the youngest in the family and he dosnt care about the death animations he has also played destiny 2 and rogue company and fortnite. the only bad thing is the chat when people swear and also people hack because once i was in a public match and a hacker was an imposter and he killed evrybody without and body moving once and i banned him from the server. so none of the stuff about the parent reviews was true. please do not beleave them
It’s fun! Violence... meh... people can swear
This game is great for kids to play online with their friends. I think parents should beware of cat fishing, as it is a common occurrence on this platform. Talk to your child about online safety and make sure they know to never engage online with someone who they don’t know in person. Also make sure they know to not give out their personal information and that it is ok to say no if someone is pushing them. Overall, a mature tween or young teen could enjoy this game with a group of friends with no problem as long as