 they can be trusted.
I played and a girl call me b*
Great video game (especially when you play it with friends or family). But if you play it with random people, watch out for the chat, because sometimes there are people who speak vulgarly. However, this is not a problem if you have chat censoring turned on. And I also forgot to say that there is a bit of violence (stabbing a knife, twisting the body, piercingy the head with a sharp tongue, shooting the body with a pistol.) It may look very violent, but it's okay (everything is animated, there's only a little blood and it's only placed in some animations, etc.) So I'd say 8-10 + in the end.
This game is so fun and not too violent. Violence: Stabbing, in a cartoon way, shooting, punching, cracking necks. But it is not gory. Just the image, and the player falls. Blood: When you press kill on the screen, the character spurts blood, but it is legit just about two red pencil strokes across the screen. Ease of play: Either on-screen joystick, or touch. Simple buttons. Language: No language, except when discussing. But by default it puts the stars there. GREAT! Online: Yes Free: On mobile I love this game so much you should definitely try it.
This game is great for a group of people that love suspense and mystery. This is a murder mystery game and find the impostor on a space ship and get rid of the impostor. (Get rid of him by throwing him out of a airlock) This is a online game with chat features so there could be some pretty bad stuff in the chat at one point or a other, But you can censor the chat so they can not see any of the profanity. There is violence in the game but not constantly because the impostor has to kill under cover, But the scene goes by pretty fast but there can be numerous ways of what kill scene could look like. (Guns, A sharp toungh through the head, Neck gets snapped, Etc)
It's a great game however violence is present but it's on PG-13 level. Swearing can be seen and they can say swear words and racial slurs. But highly recommended for kids who are fans on it.
this game is very easy to play, litte bean shape astronauts are stuck on a ship with 1-3 imposter. the crewmates goal is to finish their tasks and find out who the imposter is. the imposted goal is to elimanate the crewmates without getting caught. when you are crewmate and you are elimanated by the imposter it show the imposter either stabbing,shooting or punching without any gore and complety cartoon.
Among us is a great game for kids that need to improve there brain skills as if u are innocent u have to try to find out who the impostor is and can really help ur child in logic skills if ur a impostor no but still great game