 but it does contain villance that is appropriate for 6 and up
For the parents who are reading this, IT IS AN ONLINE GAME! So of course there will be rude people! If you have a young child playing this just tell them not to use the chat, they will be fine if they don't use the chat. And if your child does use the chat just tell them to turn censor chat on, because people will swear since it is and online game. Other than that it's good.
play it its the best game ever
Contains violence. Also I can't win a single round.
Let me start off by saying that Among Us is a great game. It's fun to play, requires very little time to learn, and has the added bonus of being playable with your friends. However, there are some things to consider when purchasing this for a child or young teen. 1. The death animations are quite violent. If you're playing as Crewmate- aka the good guys- when the imposter kills you, the are a handful of animations that could appear on your screen. To list some, stabbing, shooting, being impaled. It's animated, cartoonish, but still violence all the same. A bit gruesome but is only on screen for a few seconds. 2. The chat. When you find a lobby with the settings and map you want, you tend to wait in it until it fills up. Here you can change the color of your character, put on different hats, and clothes. You can also talk to the other players. As you may see, this could pose an issue as there is no censoring for any of the chat (Of course, you could turn on the censor-chat option, but there are ways to bypass this, and some things like player names aren't included in this). Generally players are good-willed, and just happy to play another round, but as in most games, you will stumble across a person/group of people who swear, talk about doing drugs, or relations (yes I am aware that I phrased that lightly). 3. Lying. This game requires frequent lying on your part if you wish to be a successful imposter, as you have to think of fake alibis and defend yourself in general. I do not condone lying in everyday life, but it is supplemental to this game in particular. But before you go away think that this is a bad game which would influence your child in an unsavory way, think again. Among Us was created to be a party game, for people to have fun and play with their friends. And it still can be. It's wonderful to control the little endearing avatars, and send them around the map to do tasks. It's also fun in the detection aspect of the game, trying to find out who the imposter(s) is/are. In conclusion, I would recommend this to those 11-12 years or older, but if you believe that your child is mature enough, it truly