 is a fun game to occupy your spare time with. I wholly recommend it to those who are aware of what I've just transcribed, and still are eager to play. Cheers.
this is fun as!
So good little violence not much gory such good game!
Good Game, a bit of violence.
Great game
One of my top games!
Among Us Children
AMAZING!
A bit violent but fun. (imporant details in caps)
Extremely fun murder-mystery great for playing with friends
Fantastically Made Game Implores Players to Strategize and Use Teamwork, However, a Couple Minor Downsides
Fantastic Mystery Game!
Far too easy, such a stupid game
Among Us is a mystery game where you have to find out who the imposter(s) are before they can kill you. While there is a tiny bit of blood and lots violence in the kill animations, I think that these are kid friendly. The only thing I'd say to be wary of is the in-game chat feature. While there is no way to turn it off, there is a feature that censors bad words. Overall, it's an amazing game, and I reccomend it.
It seems pretty family friendly but there are a few things to be concerned about: *Cursing in chat (though you can enable censors) *Cursing in names *When an imposter kills someone, there is red, cartoonish "flesh" and a cartoonish bone coming out *It's a stangers' chat (unless you play with friends) so you may not trust your kids not to share private info But other than that I think it's nothing a 9yo can't handle.
This game is very fun and entertaining, and recently got much more popular than two years ago. The goal, if you are a crewmate, is to complete tasks around the spaceship and not get killed by the Impostor. The goals for the Impostor is to kill off the crewmates and/or sabotage the map by attacking oxygen supply, lights, or reactor/seismic stability to win the game. If you are the Impostor, killing people is slightly graphic. You press the "Kill" button, and there is a very small spurt of blood, and the bottom half of the body falls to the floor with a hambone where the head was. You don't see the death animations unless you are a crewmate, which the animations usually consist of getting shot in the back of your head, getting your neck snapped, getting shoved on top of a live grenade, getting sliced in half, and getting stabbed through the visor with an alien-like tongue. These animations are mostly bloodless, and are more hilarious than graphic. The other problem is the chat. You are able to censor the chat so the word f*ck will look like ****. You have the option to turn this off, but if a younger child is playing, then I recommend keeping this setting on due to the language that many people use. Overall, this game is very fun and entertaining, and a great time killer with friends, but watch out for the more mature themes when letting your younger child play.
This is a game about