 a crime scene and we need to find out who the murderer is. This game is not harmful in any way but would probably not be used by under 10 year olds.
Among us is awesome. I started playing at the beginning of September, and im hooked. The graphics are simple and nice, and its such a fun game. It challenges your brain when you're trying to figure out who's the imposter, or trying to pretend you're not the imposter. There is very little blood, and the kill scenes aren't too harsh. The only thing I'd watch out for is if the chat censor is off. There is a ton of cursing with it off, so make sure if a younger player is playing, to turn that on. My little brother (9) plays too and I made sure the censor is on. Sometimes it's more than just cursing. (sexual jokes, sexual names, racist remarks and names, etc.)
Pros: This is a FUN game that will suck you in fast. It GROWS SKILLS IN OBSERVATION and finding small details. You have to DISCOVER who "the imposter' is. Another cool thing is CUSTOMIZATION. You get to chose your characters COLOR and pick from many HATS. You also can pick a NAME. Cons: Pretty violent. Includes MURDER, SWEARING, and a bit of SAFETY CONCERNS. The Imposter murders the crewmate 1 by 1 . People can say swear words but you can SET A CENSOR. They can cuss and say inappropriate things but ive only ever experienced swearing. Another Con is SAFETY ISSUES people can ask for phone numbers, discords, social medias, and even addresses. But IF YOUR KID IS MATURE THAN THIS IS THE GAME FOR THEM
Among Us was released in 2018, but has exploded in popularity recently, and for good reason. Among Us is a very entertaining and addicting game free on mobile and $4.99 on Steam. A murder-mystery type game similar to the card games Mafia and Werewolf, some players are the impostor, whose goal is to kill as many players as possible without getting caught. The crewmates, however, must try to find out the impostor and vote them out. Although the game is quite violent and graphic, it is by no means gory, and the cartoonish art style makes it quite accessible to a variety of ages. There is very minimal blood, but the chat, despite there being a default censoring feature, leaves players open to profanities, censored or not. Overall, this game is definitely worth it and a great way to spend time with friends over the internet, although some caution and responsibility is needed for players to play the game safely.
Among Us is a brilliantly created, prominently child-friendly video game. It asks its users to utilize teamwork as well as deceit, and while it's simplistic, it seems to truly never get old. In each round, one player is randomly chosen to be "The Impostor"*, while the rest, (usually 8-9 others) are "Crewmates". Each player will be notified of their own