 Impressive, addictive and just plain racing fun
Very intense, amazing!
Now I am a F1 fan but
F1 2019 is one of the best F1 games I've ever played. There are a bunch of new improvements, fun tracks, and thrilling multiplayer racing. Though violence is vehicular, crashes can be very violent. You sometimes see other cars crashing into others, or cars flipping after being rammed into a little collision. Car crashes are realistic, though no one is seen hurt.
The game is really nice, it's super fun! Really, any age can play, like a 10 year old.
OK, I may be a F1 fan but this game even if you rent is really fun. You can play as Lewis Hamilton in the top Mercedes or race as George Russell in the rock bottom Williams and another person said violence and scariness. While crashes can cause cars to flip over there's no fire or injuries or blood or deaths and when you crash your engineer asks "Are you OK" or something like that. Must play
Great game
Worst Zelda Game
Great game but very challenging.
I Really Love Zelda, It’s My Favorite Game! But C’mon! This Game Comparring With The Others It’s Awful
MATURE TEENS
Good game but not for kids
Hardcore emotional game not for kids
Psychological
You need to be mature
Warning!! Not for teens!
Heavy Rain
Great game with some great messages
emotional deep story that shows the importance of family and morality
Good story with mature themes
the best game
Too much sex and swearing
BE WITH YOUR KIDS WHEN PLAYING!
Great game
From A Teen Who Loves The Game
don't know
Good for 12 up but PG
Extremely emotional.Made my 10 year old lil brother cry.
M means M!!!!!
A dark but fantastic game.
i have beat this game 2 times. both playthroughs were extremely enjoyable. the story follows 4 characters a divorced down on his luck father, a FBI agent, a PI, and an extremely hot reporter. All of the characters are working towards the same goal, finding Ethan mars' (the dad) son, who has been kidnapped by a serial killer that wants to test the willingness of a father to risk his life to safe his son. it is a gritty game that deals with a MURDERER OF CHILDREN, relationships between the characters (and i do mean RELATIONSHIPS!!). i literally haven't seen a better story in a game..... like ever, but defiantly consider the things that you or your child can handle. great game that you will be more than willing to put effort into. For mature teens
It was an amazing game. It had a great story line. The themes of murder, drug addiction, and prostitution were fine for me (a 13 year old girl) but the nudity and gore were WAY too much. On multiple occasions did I play as a dad doing crazy things that pieces of paper told me to do. At one point in the game you cut your finger off with a rusty knife in front of a camera. And instead of being a cutscene there was actual gameplay. This was really disturbing to me when I played it.