 role in the game, but not anyone else's. As The Impostor, you have the power to assassinate other players in cartoonish fashion, and once you do, you have the option to leave the body, or report it, in which case a meeting is called, which all players are required to attend. In this meeting, players speculate on who could be The Impostor, and who is definitely not. The Impostor partakes in the meetings, free to accuse others of being The Impostor, and clearing other's names, as well. After a minute of deliberation, the players are permitted to vote on who they believe The Impostor is. The Impostor also gets to vote. Whoever gets the most votes is kicked out of the space shuttle that the game is set in. Usually, it will be revealed if the person kicked out was The Impostor or not. If not, the game goes on until either The Impostor gets "sussed out" (in casual video game language, meaning that The Impostor was voted out), or until The Impostor is left alone with one other player, in which case, The Impostor gets an automatic win. Then, everyone goes back to the waiting room, where they wait for the host of the game to start the next one. The Impostor may also "Vent", meaning they dive into a small vent. However, if they're seen doing so, or killing everyone, they will almost certainly be voted out, as none of the other players will have the ability to do either. You also have the ability to sabotage the spaceship, meaning you can deplete oxygen, close doors randomly, turn off the lights, etcetera. And lastly, you cannot be killed as The Impostor! Only voted out by other players. If you are a "Crewmate", your objective is to complete helpful tasks for your fellow crewmates, try to figure out who The Impostor is, and protect your team. Each crewmate is given a series of tasks to perform, mostly very easy, that will slowly help your team win the game, as well as prove that you aren't The Impostor. Some of the tasks are a bit more difficult than others, but they're all relatively straightforward. As a crewmate, just like The Impostor, you may report bodies that you find on the floor of the spaceship. However, there is the occasional risk of someone claiming that you've "self-reported", meaning that they think you killed someone and then immediately reported the body. You also have the power to call emergency meetings, (The Impostor does as well, but the feature is used much more often by crewmates) which have the same effect as reporting a body would. You can get killed, as well as voted out if you are a crewmate. On the surface, the game looks 100% perfect. Not quite, unfortunately. In the chat function, players are fully free to say whatever they please, including harassing others, swearing, and the occasional threat. There is an option for the chat to be censored, but