 It's a good game, but...
A Game that Does Not Reach it's Full Potential
Play this with my little cousin
Little to easy
I love it
Pok?mon let's go Pikachu
This game is amazing
that parent needs to chill.
Amazing
Gotta Catch Em All!
Awesome
Good game
Good, but could be better
Not the best pokemon game, but it's still really good
fun
Amazing game!
This was my first Pokemon game. When I got the game, I was so excited to start playing. Everything was okay, until I went to the Cerulean Gym. It was those people you gotta battle before you fight the gym leader. They were wearing bikinis. - _ - Bikinis! Listen, if you are a parent don't worry, just make sure your kid beats those people quick, 'kay?
The Game is very good for a casual standpoint and I agree: Graphics are Meh as I see them as it feels like Pok?mon Handheld in HD The gameplay as it isn't fast enough and pacing is atrocious with the weird leveling system There is so much padding for me as I don't want to waster my time and catch 50 Pok?mon species just to access the 5th gym The End P.S The catching is as fast as a Hydra Splatling from Splatoon 2 But the theme is good as you stop a evil organization from taking Pok?mon Some people are great role models as an example is Trace who helps you with your adventure and gives you a revive to help your adventure a tad amount.
Really good game me and my 6 year old brother love it. You have to be good at doing trades and stuff.
Personally think its a decent game as a long time pokemon fan, its great for introducing younger kids into Pokemon. My little Cousin didnt understand the game but was intrested when she was 3, but when she became 5 she started understanding. Theres mild violence and mild adultery references that kids dont get so its fine. Although they do get bored over time if you play it for too long.
Great Pok?mon game just a little to easy
I had gotten this game when it first came out and I automatically fell in love with the game as it brought back old memories. This game is super fun and very addicting in my opinion.
I don't know
Great game fun for families I love playing against my friends its cute pokemon
She keeps overreacting. I am going to flag her crappy review of this game until it gets taken down OR CSM closes her "account" Game might be easy, but still fun
Parents are over reacting. And one patent said that his 10 or 15 year old son can’t watch TV? HOW DARE YOU. And you also don’t kill Pok?mon you know them out so it’s easier to capture them. And they want to get captured to get loved If you are that parent YOU ARE CRAZY! And also you didn’t like fire because it’s the symboled of Hell? You Got to be kidding me. I’m chathloc and I think your over reacting PATENTS