 AGNORRE that review
Fun but im stuck, yes its a English family friendly dub of Pok?mon what the actual hell do you expect!?! its soo fun but again im stuck so if somebody could help me also pokemon anime is the best! really good game just a little disappointed
This game teaches the value of friendship among other things. Very mild violence. It also has good cut scenes. Also there are women with big boobs and bikinis. Nintendo, what the earth boyo. Anyway it is a great game.
the first 3D pokeamon game it cool and you can buy a Pokeball control stick.
Honestly, I have no experience of this game. My stepmom plays it. I think the game could be much better if they allow you to actually battle the Pok?mon before catching them. I love Pok?mon Sun more than this. Yes, they made the game easier for the little ones, but it’s not fun for older kids. My stepmom found it fun. I would only play this if they add battling and SUPPORT FOR THE FRIGGIN PRO CONTROLLER!!! I think the only adult who was sensible enough to post was Holly R. Kudos to you.
Its really good, there is some violence because pokemon faint when gained to much damage, I like the ultra sun and moon a little better because it's easier to catch pokemon but it's still really good
hi guys doig reviews is fun im really glad my mom made me this account. i like catching pokemon in this game its cool. my mom doesnt like the game much though so i cant play until im in middle school i think. my mom said shes deciding because she still cant trust andrew. i want to make morereviews now i hope i find more cool things
I really enjoyed exploring the Kanto Region, which I've never seen and actually battle against some ACTUAL HUMANS IN GYMS! Seriously, the trials in Sun/Moon were confusing. However, I was let down with barely any new Pokemon as I had filled my Kanto Pokedex in Sun
how do you play
killer7 is a masterpiece of surreal horror, but it can wait for now
it good kinds
This game is very good. It’s easily the most vast tale I’ve ever gotten myself into, and likely you will ever get into as well (if you do decide to play this). It simply oozes with style and isn’t that pretentious about it either. It puts the style first and then story, but the plot is still allowed to shine multiple times throughout the game. It has a lot of replay value just because of how much one might miss on their first, second, or third playthough. That being said though, this is a site based on rating content, not just by how good it may be, but the surface-level stuff. This game is very violent. Blood being a main mechanic is the least of the parents’ worries. There is a character that abuses the person she is taking care of. A villain of one