 of the game’s chapters (Encounter to be specific) murders a man’s family then the man himself. The main characters are assassins. Normally, I would be fine with this. Despite the disturbing content, which definitely deserves an ‘M’ rating and nothing else, it’s story has important themes revolving around death and existentialism. One of the game’s main plot threads is a man discovering what his previous actions were and then accepting them. Accepting the past is important to one’s life, and the man decides to cut ties in the end with his past to get over it, embracing his previous identity to the fullest. However, this game should only really be played by adults because of its subject matter and how it’s portrayed. Going in you will be lost and confused, and likely not pick it up again. I didn’t really come to appreciate this game after about my fourth play through. I still don’t understand everything quite yet. I really don’t think the messages here are relevant to anyone under the age of eighteen. They’re important, but not right now to younger people like myself.
one of my favourite games of all time.
Not that bad
Getting better
It’s not bad
Great Game! Also Not That Bad for kids.
Played the game for 1000+ hours since release, I figured it's time to share.
What I Live for!
It depends on your kid and their interusts
Amazing Game
animated blood and Drugs.
Glitchy, Toxic, overrated
Do your kids a favour and dont buy this game
Not at all bad
Not at all bad
Really Cool
Better than Expected
Bethesda you broke my heart
Good game, not for under 13s.
Let me preface this by saying: I am no stranger to Fallout 76. I got it over the Christmas holidays (I'm in Australia so that is our summer holidays, 8 weeks). I had a serious injury due to rugby league, so I had nothing to do, except for play Fallout. So because of that I now have around 450 hours in the game. Although that may be, Fallout 76 is definitely for a particular audience, it isn't scary, it isn't violent, and there is no sex whatsoever. However, you are able to use fictional performance enhancing drugs, these may increase one of your S.P.E.C.I.A.L stats (Strength, Perception, Endurance, Charisma, Intelligence, Agility, Luck). However, you definitely need to enjoy the previous games, it can get boring. All you really do is wander the wasteland, do missions, kill mutated enemies. There are many fantastic questlines in the game, the excavator mission, the mysteries missions, the nukashine mission, and the enclave questline. The excavator mission allows you to get the plan for the excavator power armour, and the plan for the power armour station. The mysteries missions give you trophies (only on PlayStation) and exclusive guns, the nukashine quest gives you two extra workbenches (added into the game recently) and the enclave is the best one, it allows you to join the enclave (a faction in the previous fallout games), being a general in the enclave permits you to launch nuclear bombs. Overall, I