 think this is a fantastic game, yes it has gotten lots of hate but that would be from people who thought they would like it but ended up not. Buying the game would be a definite yes!
Not that bad. The players are nice (unless your stealing) . The gore is slightly realistic but it’s not excessive. There are drugs but they are called chems(if you take too much you can get addicted which has bad side effects so that’s a positive message I guess) as well as drinking. 75% of the time your fighting mutated bugs and animals. There is ALOT of teamwork involved. You become a Boy Scout as well. You can build bases as well. Other people can destroy your structures so if little jimmy has attachment issues tell him to not build.
This game, upon release was very buggy. It is a lot better now. For the mature content, there is language if you listen to holotapes or robot character dialogue. However, it is rare to hear any language, and is, for the most part, avoidable. Something else mostly avoidable is drugs. There are real drugs such as alcohol and fictional drugs. These give some positive benefits, but also some negative. If you use too much you can get addicted and cause negative effects while not under the influence. You don’t have to use them, but they are found commonly around the world, and there are some challenges or quests where you may have to consume one. And violence. The most violent animation is swinging a knife, but where most of the violence is is in the blood and gore. There is large amounts of blood with all enemies, and there is a fair amount of decapitation/loss of limb and gore. The only humans (as of now) is other players, so violence with actual humans is rare, and barely present. There are however, 2 types of enemies that are ghoulified humans, or simply put, zombies. Overall this game is getting better and can be handled by teenagers, but may be to violent or scary for kids. Oh yeah, and there are lots of mutated beasts... beware!
You CAN turn off blood and gore and there is not too much violence. When I played it it wasn’t bad and it’s a good game for 8 and up. Good adventure game!
Okay, first of all: this game is not that buggy! Yes there are barely any bugs anymore. As for blood and gore and violence, Skyrim is WAY worse. They don't decapitate someone in the beginning of fallout 76! They do in skyrim. There is no sex, the swearing is minimal, there is some drugs called chems but the strange thing is you can actually addicted to them, messing up your game VERY badly. Which is a good message! stay off drugs! Oh, and the controls are easy to master. Almost all other FPS' I can think of are more bloody than this game. The only thing I would be concerned about