 is the fact that it's online. But Bethesda games are usually good at handling bullies, so it is a very nice online community. Overall, if your kid is age 10 and up and is moderately mature they will be fine and love playing this game.
Good game, if your child is mature, if your child is a 10 year old, and they can take a movie like end game, then they can handle this game, shotgun's can cause a head being blown off and blood everywhere, but with the graphic's it looks like paint. Great soundtrack, including Bing Crosby, Andrew Sister's, and Danny Kane. Lot's of language but no F Bomb's, the occasional shit, or damn, but never the F word, no racist word's but, if your child is a person that like's spending money on stuff they don't need then this game is not for your child, as other player's can set up shops and sell any item they obtain while playing. Great game I do recommend it to older kids.
SEX&lt; DRUGS&lt; AND ALCOHOL, WHAT I LIVE FOR!
Now look... I'm only 14 as a disclaimer but have been playing this game since release and have had 0 problems. That goes without saying maybe your kid will have an issue I don't know. As far as I've played which is the whole map I have seen maybe like 10 hostile people(raiders which are humans who try to kill you.) The language is really very scarce and you'll get some swearing from the raider faction which really isn't too often or horrible (If your kid is 13+ he's already heard worse.) There is blood in the game but unless you use the bloody mess perk most of the time it isn't to bad like previous Fallout games. As for the Drugs/Alcohol... They are COMPLETELY optional. I for one am around a level 70 which is pretty high and took me months and I for one have never used drugs or alcohol. They can give you BAD addictions which in the long run hurt more than help. All I can say is that I'm 14 and a pretty more matured 14 year old but this game never gave me one issue. It's for the people who like to explore adventure collect be free and have fun. I have to say the original Common Sense Says... Reviews were harsh and probably only because the game got a bad star rating which kinda makes me mad. Well that's all in the end if your kid is mature he or she shouldn't have an issue but idk bc I don't want to assume.
The Character voices are mutable for those parents who don't like swearing!
After playing fallout 76 I realized its not all that bad. All my friends started playing it today when it came out on game pass on July 9th, the game does not really have any NPC acting as humans. Its kinda like ARK just a little bit more bloody. There are drugs such