 If your kid wants to play a game like this I would recommend Detroit become human.
This game was what I would describe as a beautiful emotional rollercoaster. The game is heart wrenching, but the plot and soundtrack are amazing, and the mystery is genuinely hard to figure out. There is a lot of gore and sex, making it not a good game for kids, but for adults, it is a true masterpiece. There is frequent cursing and some full nudity. There are some positive messages about the importance of family, but for the most part it is not there to teach a lesson, and is there to provide a fun and sad mystery game. The controls are hard to get the hang of, but eventually you'll get used to it.
This game has been described as a dark action-adventure based gritty film noir game. I haven't played it, but I saw a gameplay...the dude made the game seem a bit lighthearted thanks to his humor. that being said, this game is violent, there's a ton of nudity (but keep in mind that this is a choice based game and the nudity is avoidable), and has many depressing themes. Plus the ending will blow your mind to smithereens. The game gets a 88.9/100 (A-)
It's a great game. But you need to be quite mature to play this.
When I played the game, it was good and appropriate up to the nude scenes. At that point I stopped playing the game for good. So why does the BBFC classify this as 15 when it should be 18? Not worth spending money on.
A GREAT message for kids, the lesson is don't wander off by yourself, there is consequences! Most of the sexual content is avoidable, a woman is forced to strip for a man at gunpoint (unavoidable), a man can have sex with a woman with her breasts showing (avoidable), a prostitute is seen... Also some violence that is not very graphic, a couple of violent fight scenes with blood, it is implied that boys are drowned, people are shot and killed every once in a while. Brief strong language 4 uses of f#ck, 10 uses of goddamn, 3 uses of shit, maybe 2 uses of bastard. Some drinking, a man drinks whiskey, another man can drink a beer... It may be a little disturbing when you find who the killer is. If it were a movie it would be rated R for some language, disturbing violent content, and brief sexuality. I would reccomend 11+.
There is no doubt that this game is still quite violent at times and contains some mature content. But, you need to see past the content and look for the messages, this game has a great message. Ethan goes to extreme lengths to save his son, even killing a man, severing his own finger, and putting himself in reckless danger, but he doesn't indulge in this sort of thing and it shows what a good father would do for their children.