 Not as bad as they say
Don't even bother buying this pile of Garbage
Fallout 76 is awesome
A Fans take on the Game
Great Potential but Many Bugs
It is not nearly as gory or bloody as the other fallout games and I have only seen one head come off and no limbs explode as they do in fallout 4. There is some language from robots and creatures used but usually will not be very strong or frequent.
Like the previous titles, this game presents in a post apocalyptic world where the player can explore the dark and contaminated environment which is also dangerous as there are many monsters and weird creatures that would cause harm and likely to kill you. Although as a big fan of the Fallout Franchise since Fallout 1. I recommend to not buy this game because it's overall a cash grab and the it is terrible. There is no offline feature where you need an internet connection to play unlike the previous game, Fallout 4. There are micro-transactions where you can spend money to purchase in game currency for the purpose of cosmetics, weapons or nooks and crannies. It's not worth sixty dollars, in fact it should've been a free to play game because of the features that it has similarly to another game containing micro-transactions. Too much consumerism. Violence is not a problem because it's buggy and poor from what it's presented to the player. The Graphics are another problem because performs bad and the world feels bland and unusual.
I'm a teenager and I absolutely love the fallout series and I might be under 18 to play this game but I absolutely love it! And I love Bethesda's games to. Fallout 76 is mostly hated because people hate glitches and bugs some of the bugs make the game fun I play on ps4 and there are no bugs for me I recommend this game to fallout fans and people who like fallout and want to play with there friends. I recommend the game to 14 and up. And to warn you there is a lot of violence,Gore,and drug Usage and I bit of swearing. Thanks for reading my review and I hope you will play this game it's available for PS4,Xbox one, and PC!
Just a disclaimer before I give my actual review I am a big fallout fan and have played every game except fallout 1 and enjoy the franchise and this is my first review so sorry if it is hard to understand After playing the game fore 3 weeks I have a hard time calling it perfect but the story was really interesting and the way it was delivered was unique for a RPG and being able to relive most of fallout 4s best mechanics and style was a blast and the side quests and events were top notch even if they did have a few bug. No part of the world felt empty weather it was in a city, in a cave, the middle of the