 forest, and in every building and dungeon there was something to do wether it was simply gathering wood and scrap or lunching a nuke with the factions, witch for not have NPCs were really fleshed out and had lots of lore or expected on pre-existing lore. However the balance of certain items and the bugs are things that can’t be excused but don’t make the game as bad some people say.
I have been a huge fan of the Fallout franchise for years now. My good friend and I both pre-ordered the game the first week it was available, and we were giddy with anticipation all the way up to the release date. That being said, Fallout 76 could be much better. The game itself is great and the multiplayer aspect is amazing. But it is filled with bugs and glitches that sometimes make the game unbearable to play. I believe this is due to the fact that the beta for the game only came out about 2 weeks before the actual full release, not allowing the studio enough time to fix all the bugs that were found during the beta. I recommend waiting to buy the game until some of the bugs are fixed (probably a couple weeks to a month), but definitely get it at some point. I think the game is appropriate for ages 14 plus, maybe a bit before or after for certain kids. There is a lot (and I mean ALOT) of blood and gore. More than any of the other Fallout games I remember. But it’s definitely not too much to handle for most high school students, who have probably seen much worse in movies and other games. Not a lot of language in the game itself but players can talk to other people online which opens up a lot of possibilities for profanity. Overall its a great game that hasn’t reached it’s potential (yet). It is appropriate for most high school students and definitely a good buy if you are already a fan of Fallout.
Surprisingly difficult
Really Good Present
AWESOME GOOD FOR KIDS
This remake of a beloved series is surprisingly difficult despite the cartoonish graphics.
It’s a really good game which is easy to play. Children 6 and up would probably enjoy this game.
LET YOUR KIDS GET THIS GAME, BY THE WAY, IT IS 40$ AT GAMESTOP!
If your child asks for games with a higher age rating than there age
Great Game
Not gory and very tactical
fun and creative
The best agent 47 game ever
Not what you think
The rating is not very accurate
Not as bad as you think
18+ is a lie
CSM missed the mark
Quality Game - but many warning signs
Hitman 2
If Your Kid Is Responsible.
Violent but not too bloody
Great game
Good game
Addictive game
Amazing!
This is a great game it is classed puzzle and action your first thoughts on the nam (hitman) is super violent blood bath but it is not the game urges you not to kill anyone apart from the selected person if you kill a non target the mission fails.