 You can switch the swearing and gore off in the settings taking the rating down to a twelve they rate it way to high most James Bond films are more violent than this parents get it for your child if they are 13 or over.
Obviously this game has for however it is not that bad and the blood is unrealistic swearing is minimal however there are a few words spread throughout the game however if your kid is over 10 they would of heard these words before more in a day than in this whole game you should consider buying this game as it is really great and it has no sexual content.
It gets your brain thinking using the least gore and bad language as possible and I would defiantly recommend it to teens and adults as in my opinion is Not a very gory adult like shooter.
this game really makes you use your noggin. the game recommends that you stay sneaky and go in a bloodbath, unlike the other popular shooters. not that bad. barely any swears and no gore. let your kids play if they know that everything that is done in the game is not to be replicated in real life.
This game is amazing. If parents fear for there kids minds, thier is a setting to turn swears and gore off. You play as the ultimate assassin going around the world assassinating targets from Miami florda to brazil. The worst thing is if you want dlc maps you must buy the expansion pass. But everything else is awsome. Solid 8/10
Overall, this game isn’t that violent. The only violent part is the cutscenes after missions but you can skip over them by pressing one button. Does get a little bit repetitive after a while but overall a great game. Only reason I put 13+ is because the people you assassinate are people that run drug cartels and stuff like that. I’d say if your child is mature enough then give them the game when they are 12 maybe. The blood is fairly minimal and you would get the same action as a Lego guy oozing out red bricks or something. It also lets you be creative on how you want to kill your target because there are hundreds of ways to kill your targets. If it’s walking up to the target and shooting them right in the head with a gun, poisoning their drink or pushing them off of a 10 storey building.
I have played this game for a year, and think it is not that bad. There is no gore, and the blood is unrealistic. There are few truly bad messages that kids will internalize. I believe that your child is mature enough, they can play away and be fine.
It may seem that it has insane gore or blood, but it has minimal blood and is non-existent most of the time. The game does not encourages you to kill everyone because it negatively affect your score.
Hitman is