 a puzzle game where you must eliminate terrorists disguised as famous celebrities across the globe and the game does not have that much violence compared to other games COD BFV ect ect it is a must pick if you like stealth and action games
This game does have violence but not nearly as much as common sense media would like people to believe this game is for mature people who understand the separation between video games and life.
There is violence throughout the game (due to the main character being an assassin) however there is little blood, it’s only shown after you shoot or stab someone and they will fall to the floor leaving a small puddle of blood. When you have an axe or other bladed or pointed weapon and you throw it at someone there body falls to the floor and the weapon is visible sticking out of them. Other than this I do not think there’s any blood/gore. Throughout the game occasionally when your close to a NPC you can hear them speaking and they will occasionally swear, I this dialogue can be disabled in settings..
Had to write a review because the other ones for Hitman 2 are very badly written. Hitman 2 is about a hitman (you), who is hired to kill people. There’s mild blood and moderate amounts of violence. Mild cussing and alcohol and drug reference. Major reference to cocaine, as one scene of the game is in a cocaine plant. As of now I am 16, and I am smart enough to know that I should never use such violence or use drugs. I put a 15+ rating because it really depends on your child and whether you think he or she is smart enough to realize that the things they are doing in the game are illegal and stupid to do in real life. If you feel like they’re ready then go for it, otherwise talk to them beforehand about topics like drugs and gun violence. I don’t believe that this game will cause your child to become a school shooter, just because you have to think in the game like a puzzle sort of game, rather than for example Call Of Duty, where you aimlessly shoot to kill. However, I am not liable for any of those statements. If you do feel like your child is receiving bad ideas/tendencies from this game, take it away as they are not properly attentive enough to understand that it’s not to be repeated in real life. The main message of this review is: make sure your child is smart about violent games like this one!
Hitman 2, the sequel to 2016's Hitman, is a stealth thriller in which your job is to eliminate various targets across a variety of missions, progressively getting harder. Throughout the game there are references to drugs (one mission is centered around illegal drug trafficking, during which bricks of cocaine can be seen) , coarse language can be heard in the game's dialogue