 and people can be seen drinking alcohol in some levels. The main point, however, is the violent methods used to eliminate targets: shooting, stabbing, strangling, poisoning, feeding to wild animals, blowing up and much more. These scenes of violence are often accompanied by blood splatters and intense music. In conclusion, unless you think your child can handle it, Hitman 2 shouldn't be played by people under the age of 17. It's rated M for a reason.
First this game is an MASTERPIECE. I wanted it since I saw it and when I got it I was so happy. The swearing is quite frequent but just turn off the volume, it's not necessary. It was easy to play but there was a lot of violence and gore. Overall I think you could give this game to a twelve year old or responsible 10 year old.
Obviously you are a professional assassin, you can do violent attacks and stuff like that, but is it bloody, nah, not really, although there are mild blood stains here and there it's not so bad for an 18+ rating. Strong language is minor but strong: f words, s words and c**ksucker.
The cussing is rare but it does happen. Yes there is drinking, and smoking. There are no drugs actually used but on the Colombia map you can go into a section on the map that is a cocaine factory. There is no sex besides on the beach where you can see revealing clothing. This is a good game.
Don’t know why it’s an 18 you can barely see the blood except when enthasised on the floor
This game is very fun no gore and occasionally swears but no to the extent of games like gta
This is a great game that I really enjoyed playing myself and I think that you should to if you are a parent sitting reading through these reviews to see whether or not it is suitable for your kid to play Hit man 2 it is most likely suitable for you kid to play if they are over 10 or 11 years old this is because common sense media overrates things there is gore in the game as you kill people there is very little swearing in the first place and the language used would of already been heard at school before. It includes no sexual content unless you include it sometimes being implied within conversations or you being able down dead characters down to there underpants. Buy this game because it is just genuinely a good game. And most kids by age 11 will be able to handle the content within the game.
Violent, but nothing you wouldn't see in 13+ movies.
If jhon wick was in a video game
violence
Game about a hitman who disguises himself in a crowd and has to take down 2 targest in order to win the level, all while not getting arrested. It's whole plot is to kill others, and shows little gore, however isn't anything worse than what you would see