 Wow!
Absolutely fine
Great game teaches you a lot about the world war! It is very depressing though, as you see the suffering and pain of others, and the world. It teaches you that war is not a "Fun" time. War is a time for remorse. You never actually kill anyone in this game. You hit a few German Soldiers on the head with a shovel, but it just knocks them out. But yes it is a very sad game. WARNING SPOILER COMING UP DO NOT READ IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO KNOW! In the end your character is executed, by his own forces. As he had hit one of his own commanders on the head with a shovel out of rage, and killed him. The last picture you see in the game, is a field of white crosses stretching on for miles of all who had died. And you see your characters grave, with the dog standing next to it proudly.
Its good
The truth
I mean its not the best game since it can get quite boring easily but if you like fantasy and RPG's then I would recommend this game to you because it is ok and I mean there is a bit of gore violence but its not anything bad
I loved it and have played it several times
GREAT CO-OP Experience!
First things first, you need to play this game with friends. Without them, it becomes boring within the first hour and the game gets very challenging. It is truly meant to be a coop game. The game is technically “horror” but feels more stealth and thriller when in the middle of all the action. The prologue/tutorial is really the only scary part of the game as it is single player, has multiple jump-scares, etc. I do recommend playing the tutorial though, it is quite good. Back to the game now. The premise of The Blackout Club is that your small suburban town has been taken over by this weird supernatural power that forces all the people in the town to “blackout” and sleep walk. You play as a teenager tasked with finding evidence and exposing your eerie findings to the world and the people that don’t believe you. The game is a bit of a grind, but when you and your buddies are all strategizing about how to investigate a break-in while sleepwalking adults are out to get you, it is hard not to have an absolute blast. Exploring and uncovering the secrets of Redacre is very quite fun... especially when sh*t goes south and your tasked with escaping “The Shape” and nightmarish being that you can only see when you close your eyes. All in all, The Blackout Club is an ambitious, thrilling adventure that you have to experience with your friends by your side.
Great for kids
This is a rating of the SHOW not of the GAME!!
ignore this rating
NEEDS SERO
NOTE:This is a review of My Hero Academia anime and NOT One's Justice.
Ok
The best anime game EVER
13+ for the show/manga
I was