 impressed, for a while!
Really cool game!
really good!
I LOVE THIS GAME
Im 9 and love the anime blood only slightly violence but any regular kid can handle it.
(OK so I want to make this very clear this is a rating of the show! This could also be considered a rating of the manga but this is more a rating of the show) The show is wonderful it has wonderful characters abound there’s at least one character that you can relate to and love deku (aka izuku midoriya pronounced e-zu-ku me-door-ri-ya E like the E in both instances) is a wonderful person he’s kind loving hard-working determined and overall a really good person who always tries to do the best thing he’s also very intelligent he loves learning And don’t think that ua is like other superhero Schools it teaches exactly the same curriculum in the hero course except with hero training many of the students actually complain about how the other classes are boring and too much like regular school most of them get excited when hero training begins also the show promotes teamwork determination never giving up on your dreams and always trying to do the right thing Deku is one of the best role models you can ever see for your child he’s like the kid you thought you were going to have but in reality got stuck with the one you have now the kind gentle loving kid you thought you were going to have he’s every parents dream child!!! Bakugo (A.k.a. deku’s bully) is still pretty nice guy he’s hardheaded I did not very nice to deku but he is growing as a person throughout the entire story and you begin to root for him as you learn more about him he’s also posed as more of a antagonist to deku and they have a very deep and complicated history he yells a lot! And he is the main source for most of the shows cursing there are lots and lots and lots of other characters I could talk about but this would be really really long if I did so only talk about one more all might (A.k.a. basically deku’s dad) is a really good person to he also swear sometimes but he’s a grown adult man so he’s going to do that he’s a really really good teacher and someone who could easily look up to both him and deku share a strong fighting spirit and they’re both really good role models! This is really good for teenagers and preteens and it would be easy for you most likely an adult reading this to get interested the show to! It’s a good sit and watch with your kid and it would be a really good conversation starter about heroes and the villains they face and what our real world heroes do for us! And I will bid you ado by saying that shows Mato go beyond plus ultra!!!
ok but why is the game being rated but