 Madison puts her own problems out of the way and helps Ethan even when he doesn't trust her. And even though Norman isn't the best role model all the time, he puts his addiction behind himself to help Ethan save his son. Even the main enemy does some good things for others, though his intentions and actions are completely flawed. Though the content of the game is questionable, there are clear lines between the good people and the main enemy.
In heavy rain you play as multiple characters investigating the case of the origami killer. This emotional story has some Judith and sexual content but it is optional to view it. The game is based on choices and you can choose if two characters do it or not. This is not just like gta 5 prostitutes and strip clubs. The characters are emotionally bonding throughout the game and you can decide to fall in love or not. There is also a fictional drug called triptocaine. One of the characters is an addict who is also an FBI investigator. Throughout the game this character may lose focus or his hands may shake uncontrollably. This indicates that you can make a choice to resist this addiction and try to break it or cave in and take the drugs. There is also some violence and blood. One of the trials to find the killer is to cut off one of the characters finger segments. This is optional, but doing it will get you closer to the killer. There are few sexual references the only one that stuck in my mind was when a woman in the game says..." I'll sell you my body, but I won't give you details about my son's murder." She does not actually sell you her body. You also do not have the option to buy her body. The whole storyline is tailored by what you do and the risks you take. This is a game for more mature teens who would understand the morality and content of the game.
The game puts you in the shoes of four adults linked to a serial killer know as the origami killer. One characters son is captured and all hell breaks loose. it can be depressing considering that the character has been through so much. There is occasional blood and one scene where you strip but you can just remove your top and whack the person with a lamp. One off scene of nudity and strong language. Overall, very depressing with sexual themes and bad language however very little blood and just one drug reference.However, in the taxidermist dlc pack, you encounter a psychopath that stuffs his victims and you can impale him with a chainsaw. For 16+.
it is the best game i have ever played. I played that game in my 12 there is no soooo many sex scenes. Just sometimes the story can continue in bars...
Some violence ( Cutting his own finger ) and too much sex ( Shower scene,Strip dance