 around 5-8 more hours in, while Online is as interesting as you want it to be. Over all I would say 9/10 must-play for fans of the series and Anime all tougher.
Get it if you enjoy the manga/anime and love fighting games.
me and my friend played this and it was a very well made game. it's violence is like super smash bros, there isn't any blood really and it's very flashy and dragon ball like. great for fans of the tv show
THIS GAME IS AMAZING. THE ANIME IS GREAT APPEALS TO TEENS NO CURSING
Definitely not for very young kids
Amazing game no worse than Tombstone
Good for 13 and over.
Bad themes used in moderation
Not bad at all
Really great game, not for kids.
Not for younger teens and children.
One of the Best Games of 2018
Its pretty good, but stretched at some parts
Not for children
Your choices depend on the game
A Masterpiece of a Game
If your kids can handle swearing and violence you should probably be alright
Great game. Maybe not for young kids
Greatest game ever
Great game but 16+
An absolutely Amazing experience!
If your fine with gore it's Ok!
Read dead online
Cimpared to gta 5, this game is more better
I’m 16 and I think that although there is a lot of blood and some strong swearing it’s not too much. There is one scene with partial nudity and another one where a woman is about to be raped but the player stops the man before he can. Based on how you treat other people the game can become harder because if you do a good deed you will normally get rewarded but if you kill someone then their friends or family can hunt you down. The player can’t engage in any sexual acts but people speak of sex around the towns and camps.
This game isn't as bad as you'd think for a game made made by rockstar (They Made Grand Theft Auto 5). It's actually very clean and there's more you can do to clean it, I'll get to that at the end... So first it all depends on what you plan on doing if your child plans on killing the whole town I wouldn't let them play. But if you're like me and like to try to take a non violent approach you can try ( it is very hard) or you can just ignore both and explore the beautiful world. first you'll have to do the intro which you are forced to kill some people but after that you can choose your own path. Now for the actual ratings, Violence. (6/10) There is gun fights, fist fights, and possible harm to animals Horses, dogs, ect. You could also simply lasso and hog-tie enemies... (Tip) you can pur your guns away in storage and you won't have the opportunity to use them. Gore (8/10) Gore is mostly the players choice for instance you can lay people on the train tracks and wait for a train, this is the most gory thing in the game, besides point blanking someone