 with a shot gun. also in the intro you see a dead horse with guts if you look closely but you can easily miss it. (Tip 2) look left to not see it. And lastly a slo-mo kill cam Language (3/10) For a M game it's nothing The main word is B*stard I've seen S*it twice. Sex (1/10) I've seen no nudity all I can think about is in one scene you pee in first person but you can't see anything. Drugs and alcohol (8/10) In almost every cutscene someone has a cigarette, cigar ect you can also get drunk at a saloon. Also you can take alcohol in your bag and drink whenever. That's about it Now as I mentioned before you can Disable the slo-mo kill cam in settings and also turn off subtitles in settings. Overall I think if you trust your kids will do good you should let them play just for the fact this is such a good game to miss the opportunity to play.
This game has lots of violence, but way less violent than something like kingsman or deadpool. There are only a few mentions of anything sexual. There is a scene where you save somebody from being sexually assulted, but the assulter dies before he can do it. The swear words are used little times, but when they are they have actual meaning like if somebody is extremely angry.
I'm a kid so call me biased, but this game obviously shows that the main character shows remorse after he kills people, is apprehensive before starting heists and tells other people he's a terrible man. Unlike GTAV which glorifies violence and swearing, this only swears when it would add to the story (when they're being shot at or are particularly angry) and violence isn't glorified or gratuitous. Both are obviously very frequent, but it's not going to encourage a kid who is already familiar with these themes to copy them. There's infrequent sexual references, but nothing bad. In fact, the only explicit sex is when the player saves a woman from being raped. There's use of drugs and alcohol, but again, it's not encouraging anyone to do the same, and most drugs you take in the game have negative side-effects. I knew about all these themes years ago, but I don't think as a parent I would be comfortable with a kid playing this game until s/he was 14-15.
Nothing bad at all but a little swearing.
This is defiantly one of the best games to come out this year, although. It is not suitable for kids. Not only is there an excess amount of swearing and violence, there are also some parts with strippers/prostitutes that can be found completely naked. The controls are also pretty difficult and require the player to make a few difficult choices during the game that the kids may ignore and ruin their experience for them. Otherwise, I would say if you are 14+, and the parents are fine with the child