 seeing naked people and swearing in games, this game is completely worth it.
This game is really quite violent with occasional slow motion close ups of you shooting off your foes limbs. occasional nudity and sex but rare. it is also not the easiest game to play for younger children. Absolutely amazing graphics, which can be a problem when your face is being mauled by a bear. A lot of bad language.
I believe that this game is amazing (as well as many other people) but I think it is a matter of your child's maturity. There is barely any "nudity" in the game from what I have seen so far playing around 30 hours in the game in total. There is decent amount of language, but mostly go***amnit and sh*t, as you would expect from a game about a group of outlaws in the wild west. There is less language than a middle school child would hear at school or when hanging out with their friends. There is a lot of tobacco, as your character can choose to smoke cigarettes and drink. Your character can also get drunk. There is no sexy stuff and the violence is apparent (again as you would expect from a game about outlaws). Blood is easily noticeable but it is not glorified or over gory. Overall, it is an amazing game and your child would regret missing out on the opportunity to play it.
Note: I haven’t finished the game but I can say that its really good. Anyway, as for the rating I agree it is pretty mature with lots of blood and some gore, use of cigars, alcohol, and other things and there is a lot of language but despite what you might see, theres no nudity. It says there is but from what ive seen its fine. The game is packed full of action however some of it is kinda random and theres a lot of stuff going on and it may be a bit stretched too far, but overall its a good game and I would recommend it to anyone 15 or 16 and up (besides me cuz im cool)
I’m only about 4 hours in to this 85 hour long game and I can already tell that this, like most rockstar games, is not for kids. This game includes superfluous nudity and gratuitous violence. There are multiple sexual references and acts depicted, including threatening to cut a mans balls off only about 2 hours in, and in one mission, the player character gets drunk with a friend and the friend runs off, so the player has to search throughout the saloon to find him, now I was pretty thorough with my search and went through every door in the building, and behind one of the doors I mistakenly walked in on a couple going to town in a bedroom. Some of the violence in this game includes, stabbing, hanging, shooting, and also blowing people’s limbs off. This game is not at all for