 children. But there are some good things though, nothing is more important to the characters than the bond of his friends.
Red dead redemption is a great game the graphics, physics, storyline it’s just amazing. I also like how in red dead redemption the game is set in the early days of America so now days kids can get a feel of what it was like. In the game you are in a gang that seems bad but how that changes is you can be riding your horse and a stranger will need a ride if you refuse you will loose trust so you are givin choices so depending on how you choose to handle them that’s the way people will see you. But I will say the violence would be for teens because it can get very disturbing
First off, this game is a work of art. The way that the main story is over 60 hrs long and yet it never feels repetitive or boring is amazing. On the content part of things, for a Rockstar game it is incredibly tame. There is way less language than I thought, and it is only when they are really mad. The violence is fairly bloody but it is not senseless violence, and the character often feels remorse afterword. There is one scene that I have seen so far where the character gets blackout drunk, and they smoke cigars but other than that, there is not much. Overall, this is the best Open World game of all time and will hold that title for many years.
A mature 11 year old could probably handle this, as they will have heard most of the language in it before and most violence will have negative repercussions, discouraging you from doing it. There are very few sexual scenes, but your character cannot engage in sex himself, however there is gambling with the in-game currency as you can play games such as poker with your friends. Your character can drink alchohol or chew tabacco, and there is cocaine gum which he can chew but it will have mostly negative effects on the character
It is a very intense game with a fair bit of swearing a lot of violence. There is also use of alcohol and tobaco. Great game. Recommend to anyone over the age of 14 atleast. Or maybe younger if there is an adult or someone that can explain troubling topics.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a masterpiece. I've beat the game multiple times and each time, I am so impressed with the overall game. There is no nudity except for one scene which is about 2 seconds long. In the game, you can choose whether to be honorable or dishonorable. Each choice you make can affect your game experience. I've played as honorable and dishonorable, and I can say with confidence that both paths are amazing. While it is more fun to be a bandit and just do whatever you want, it is more rewarding in the