 with the law, the higher up your bounty will be. As long as you have a bounty, you will be hunted by bounty hunters. If you see any of them near you, you can escape or shoot them. Smoking and drinking are optional in this game, except for a few missions which might require it. There are many people in the game that you can interact with. You can greet them, antagonize them, or rob them.You can also shoot them, although the law shows up pretty fast if you're in a town. The wildlife in Red Dead Redemption 2 is outstanding, and there's always something new to discover. You can pick plants and herbs, such as english mace, Indian tobacco, and ginseng. Hunting animals and fishing provides food for you and your camp. The major theme in Red Dead Redemption 2 is loyalty. All in all, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an outstanding game, and I've never regretted getting it and I can't recommend it enough.
this game is really good but not for children under 16
I’m 11 years old and have to say that this game is outstanding for pre teens. It simply teaches the consequences of crime and the punishments you can receive if preformed. The game is “NOT” bad! The story revolves around a gang searching for a safe place to hide out after a failed robbery, but while the gang koves from place to place they successfully save 9 families from freezing to death. During the course of the story the gang helps others while also robbing/killing some people. The only reason, though, the gang does this once again is to provide food for the settlers they saved. By the end of the story the main protagonist realizes that crime, no matter what, is bad while the leader slowly loses faith. The ending shows redemption and why never to commit crime. But... there are a few scenes where evil is presented. In one scene a gang memeber runs into a house and murders a family just to get his back while you stand outside and listen. Another scene shows the gang leader go into a house and kill a mothers 23 year old son off screen. The mother shouts in distress as the gang drags her away. If your child is mature enough to understand the point of the story and the innocence of the ending, then keep the game away. But if your child loves fun gameplay (you spend most of your time doing non-violent activities) and a great story, This is a game to buy. Also keep in mind that there is some foul language such as Sh*t, A**, H*ell, and around 4 uses of F*ck in the entire 66 hour long story. I hope this helped out.
This is an amazing game which my elder brother (18) introduced me to and since then I have had a blast! The free roam mixed with story constantly keeps your attention and the graphics are great! The gore