 Perfectly fine as long as you're mature
I’m tired of Common sense media
Pretty Kid Friendly
This game is pretty good
WHAT!?!
Red dead remdemtion 2
The End of the Wild West
Based on your child's maturity
Best Open World Shooter Of Arguably All Time
Gory but is fine otherwise.
This is an ok game
Violent, gory, but great game.
Extremely immersive
Teens can play
best game
This is a great game.
Amazing game!
Not as bad as Grand Theft Auto, Great for Teens!
Just Play It
Great Game, Good Lessons, but Violent
While there is plenty of gun violence in this game, overuse of it is discouraged and other characters will disassociate themselves from morally bad players. Drinking and drugs have bad effects and are not glorified in any way. There is no nudity, only sexual references. There is one scene where you save a woman from getting raped but there is no actual depiction of the action and the rapist is shown to be a bad person. There is nothing in this game that is worse than what you what watch in a typical action movie, perhaps with the exception of (very) slightly more detailed violence. As long as you are mature and can handle what I have mentioned, there is no reason not to play this game.
First of all this game is pretty much a marvel movie but playable. What I mean by that is if you child has watched a marvel movie he can play this game. Secondly common sense media always exaggerates with age rating. “In this game you can rob things and engage in criminal acts AND chew Tabaco”. ITS A FLIPING COWBOY GAME. THE COMMON SENSE MEDIA GUYS NEED TO WACH A FLIPING CLINT EASTWOOD MOVIE. Of corse you can rob stuff and act like a ACTUAL COWBOY. Also the nudity part, if your kid has watched the a love movie or Titanic he/she can play this. Yes you do have some close up shots of headshots but it isn’t like gta where bits of the head go flying. Another thing is the decisions, your child can pick wether he wants to kill or spare 80% of the time. The cussing is pretty much standard the f bomb like 1 time and a couple b words IN SENSIBLE TIMES TO ADD TO THE STORY. Lastly there are some things where you kill and skin animals but that’s very mild.
First, lest address the violence. There is dismemberment with all limbs. When shooting someone there is blood splatter and when mortally mounding someone a trail is formed. Language is ok. There is a lot of d*nm and sh*t. Not a lot of f-bomb. There is one case of the n-word though. There really isn’t a lot of sex. There are prostitutes but you can’t go with them. The worst you see are ruffle type clothing that they wore to sleep. There is lots of smoking, and alcohol. You also have to buy things in-order to play the game. If a kid is asking to play just set some limits like no in-game baths and stuff