 like that and they should be good.
I’m not gonna lie, this game is very good nonetheless...tho, there is a lot of language and sexual, ‘things’ in it. Do I think that kids under the age of 15 should play this? No, not really, even tho I play it, and I’m under the age of 15. Other than that stuff this game is (as I’ve said before) amazingly good.
Ok I read the common sense review and I honestly can’t believe what they are saying. The swearing is not bad at all it’s no more than in a pegi 13 movie! There is only one sex scene that is optional just when your drunk in the bar don’t walk into the rooms on the top floor and it’s only for a small second and you don’t see anything that bad. There is very little blood and 90% of the time you are too far away to even see it. Honestly I would let a 9 year old play it. As long as they know not to repeat the words it might say it is completely fine. Great game
This game is amazing. You ca. Interact with so much. Let’s start off with violence. This game has shooting, stabbing. There is some blood but nothing graphic about it. There is no gore at all, just blood. Barley any close ins either. Language. There is very minimal language. I have heard almost nothing. Nudity. This game doesn’t deserve the nudity rating. You see a naked women.There is nothing to see besides a very brief butt. It is only for like a second. Drinking. Tons of drinking. There is a bar scene where you are drink looking for your friend. I hope this helps!
*Possible Spoiler Warning* Red Dead Redemption 2 is a very lengthy and gripping tale of the ending of the cowboy era. The story follows a gang of outlaws trying to survive in a world that does not want them in it any longer. The game is very violent and very emotional, especially towards the end. I will be breaking down this review by category (Does NOT include Red Dead Online). -Violence : Very, very violent game. Blood sprays after bullets hit enemies, slow-mo of the effects are very graphic. Shotguns and sniper rifles can dismember enemies. While exploring the world, I found people cut in half hanging upside down between trees, with their intestines hanging out of their bodies. Knives can be used to quietly kill enemies, resulting in bloody aftermath. You can hunt animals and skin them which results in skinless animals (obviously) which may be disturbing for some. -Language : Very frequent use of language in this game. Uses of F**k, S**t, B***h, Damn, Goddamn. There are some uses of the N word, which at the time was used to describe black people (good job for the historical accuracy....). -Sexual content and nudity : Very little of it. There is one scene where you walk in on two people having sex,