 scene by Madison 1 of the 4 main character and you can control her to showing off her bare breast and underwear and sex scene ) and too much swearing.
This game is overall a game I wouldn't let a kid play because it has 2 sex scenes. My mom had to play it when there was sex. If you are not worried about sex, then this game is ok. But I strongly recommend you play this game with you son/daughter and make them go out of the room when there is sex.
The Game is Fantastic Ultra-Realistic and is amazing Graphics I'm 13 I own this, this game is ultra ultra great the Father is a Hero and a great role-model I love this game
With the games dark topics, strong subject matter, and placement of the player into the actual game, it could be a lot for kids. As long as the person playing is mature enough to understand the subjects that are going on, 15 year olds and up should be fine. Summing up of the story: You play as four different characters: Ethan Mars: Father of a child kidnapped by the Origami Killer Madison Paige: A journalist covering the story of the Origami Killer Norman Jayden: FBI Agent on the Origami Killer case Scott Shelby: Private Detective The Origami Killer has been kidnapping children for the past few years, and his latest kidnapping is of Shawn Mars. When you play as Ethan Mars, you go through different trials, which, when completed, give you clues to where Shawn is. To hear the rest of the story, either play it for yourself, or watch some game-play.
I don't really know what I should rate this. But I think that u can avoid all the second hand stuff. So it really depends what u do in the game. Others do other stuff and alot or most do nothing about all the under age content. Keep in touch for my ratings people :D
I wanted my dad to buy this but when i saw the beginning until the end i kinda got bored of it but it's really a wonderful game and allow kids to learn to always be on alert when they grow up and have kids
Made my brother cry but I found it really awesome.I played it when I was 8 and found it very interesting and quite dramatic at parts like the finger cutting scene.it has positive role models and a message too.Ethan Mars goes to unimaginable lengths even cutting off his own finger and drinking rat poison at the end ( he dosen't die as it was a test of how far you would get to save your son but other than that I'm not giving away anything to people have not played this .He is responsible and the other characters too sacrifice a lot to save Shaun(Ethan's son,kidnapped by the Origami killer) .Message: How far would you go to save a loved one?And there's the other emotional part where (MAJOR