 the woman's breasts and buttocks are visible, but it's for a second or two. There also an attempted rape on a member of your gang, your character obviously stops it. A side quest involves a woman who turned to prostitution after her husband's death (her decision is not well seen, she takes it to help her son so they can survive). -Drinking, Drugs and Smoking : Minimal forced use of substances, but can be abused by the player. You have no limits as to how much substance you can consume, but the game punishes you for over using this feature. Substances include rum, whisky, cocaine gum, chewing tabacco, cigars, cigarettes, etc. There is one part of the game that has you under the effect of alcohol overdose, which might not be too pleasing to some parents. *Spoilers* -Positive messages : This is a story about redemption. The main character starts off as someone who follows orders blindly under the pretense of loyalty, and as the story develops he starts to question his gang's motives. He later finds out he has tuberculosis and does not have very long to live. He chooses to help a friend of his escape, and at the end the player has the choice to help the friend or abandon him for money. Whatever the choice, the friend escapes and the main character succumbs to his illness after a heartbreaking scene (if you chose to help the friend). This game is NOT for the faint of heart. It presents the themes of redemption and true loyalty, loyalty to good and to truth. -Positive role models : What really gets you with this game is the evolution of the characters. The characters are incredibly well developed and their stories are captivating. Their decisions shape the story. The main character is probably one of the best protagonists in video games ever, but I do not see him as a good role model, not until chapter 6. All in all, the game is a masterpiece and I would recommend it to everyone out there who can play it and is 17 years or older. It tells a very moving story and teaches you to question your actions. Beautiful is the simplest way to describe the game.
I'd say 10+ there is language but not that much I've played for 75+ hours and haven't seen any nudity overall it can be a t rated game if you didn't have as much freedom to be bad
Great game, open world allows you to do whatever you want: hunting, fishing, side missions, exploring, kayaking, etc. This wide array of things to do, can make it to where you will never encounter something bad. The Story is about the dying ways of the wild west, and you are a gang leader, trying to survive when you have other gangs, and lawmakers after you. There is violence, but not over the top, and there is some cursing, but not too much. Overall great game.
This game is fine