 for +10 if they have self control at close range with a shotgun you can blow off someone's head but it is completely optional and you have to go out of your way to do this. There is one mission in story mode where the goal is to get drunk and shows the player stumbling around with a shaking screen. The character is shown smoking in cutscenes sometimes but is optional to smoke in free roaming. There is an online mode but involves little to no interaction with other players. Players are encouraged to do good deeds and help NPC's (non player characters) by having a good karma meter that makes you have store discounts but having a bad one makes you more likely to be robbed or attacked by people on the side of the road With a great 80 hour campaign and countless things to do in online mode this game is great for people over 10.
This game has a bit violence and blood but I think if your kids is mature he or she can handle it and the other 18 pl?s aspects of this video game.
Just don't buy this for your kids parents. We know you think you know it all, but don't do it. For the love of god, please don't.
Ok, First off let's clear some things up YES this game has language. Yes, this game has Beer, Whiskey, and the ability to smoke. Also, there are women that wear short tops but no nudity. The language can be intense/mild, depending on the situation. The game is not like GTA language-wise. Also, a good thing to mention is this is made by rockstar the people who made GTA V, and don't listen to teens when they say GTA is Okay it is not. Back to red dead, The game has a TON of stuff to do and side missions/minigames. You can play poker, chop wood, or go hunting. there is a lot of blood, and sometimes dismemberment. Some of the things I have heard in the game are not language I would think a kid under the age of 12 needs to hear with some intense stuff. ONE MAJOR thing is that in the campaign you can kill a women right activist, That had some controversy so that is another thing. This game is a long one 40+ hours you could spend, and become really immersed, shooting up towns getting bounties, etc. There is also some inappropriate things. If a kid under 13 wants to play this game I suggest you play at LEAST 2-3 hours of the game doing missions.
Great story and great game overall, teens will not find this disturbing.
dude theres no sex pg 13 level of language damn hell goddamn shit no n words sexual themes they mention rape but don't show it and they ladies are implied to be prostitutes but thats all violence is tame
I think this game is quite violent and there is a heavy use of alcohol and