 smoking, but I think a kid of the age of 11 play this depending on their maturity. This game is incredibly done, it has the best graphics I have seen in a game before, and it has a great story.
first off, this game is a whole experience. The story is compelling and i believe kids should be able to play it. The message of the game is really good. Also, it doesn't have THAT much swearing. Easily my favorite game to date. If you are worried about violence, this game has quite a lot of that. But if you have a child that can handle it, this game is a must have.
This game is excellent, but is it for kids. This game shouldn't be played by little kids. The game is not as bad as GTA though. There morals and different endings based on your honor. Basically your "honor" is similar to GTA's "respect" . Except you gain honor by doing good things to everyone in the game. You can be the good guy or the bad guy. Violence is a thing in this game, especially the incredible details and realisim of this game. For example; If you shot someone in the leg with a shotgun, there leg will come off and there bone will stick out. Your horse's balls can be shown, it will shrink depending on the temperature. An human or animal corspe will eventually decay if you wait in-game time, 3-4 days. This game takes place in 1899, it's a prequel. So as expected in the late 19th century, you'll come across some inspirations. For example, late in the game you'll come across the Ku Klux Klan. But they don't say anything crazy, you can kill them too. For a game taking place in 1899, racism is at a minimum. You can see some White and Blacks hanging out. The game has inspirations, in some parts of the map. You'll meet a couple, there actually siblings. There murderers who killed there parents and bury them. A skull of there deceased mother can be found in there locker. Overall it's a western GTA game, but with less sex, profanity, and women are protrayed normal instead of hookers like in GTA.
Best game ive ever played no violence or anything. Just please try it.
First off, this is a wonderful game. 10/10. It does have some violence in it, but for the most part it's very mild. Just gunshots and small amounts of blood. However, there are specific missions and sidequests with more blood and gore but these are entirely optional. There are prostitutes in the game, but nothing sexually explicit ever happens. There is language but nothing too bad and not that often. The game also demonstrates positive role models and messages. It shows consequences for bad decisions and rewards for good ones.