 amazing
The best game ever made
A true work of art
Very good game.
Common sense review is WAY over dramatic
It is a fantastic game
The game with the amount of Detials
Intense, violent western is also beautiful and profound
Kids nowadays know a lot
Not that bad
RDR2
Best videogame ever
I think rdr2 is amazing
Read dead 2
Adult Only
Good game but not 10+
Havent played the game but it looks amazing
My favourite video game of all time i almost cried when eh spoiler alert . . ...... ...... ........ Arthur died
Not only is this an amazing game with a wonderful graphics but also has an amazing storyline. This game is a great way to make you undertake certain things and how being honourable and nice can benefit you and that some people you cant always trust. This game gave me advice and i didnt even know it. Things to be aware of: Alot of drugs, and i mean a lot. The game has 3 different types of smokes, dozens of different alcoholic beverages which you need to consume a thing called ‘dead eye’ which helps a player shoot. A lot of swearing. This is set in the 1890s, what do you expect. Dont think theres sex in the game, only thing i can think of is that you can get a woman to give you a bath in the hotel, she is fully clothed though. Just a bit of cleavage. Lots of violence. From torture to murder to suicide. Might frighten your child if you let them play.
Rdr2 is not as bad as other rockstar games like Gta V or La Noire.There is certainly violence but cod is worse.Like gta u can kill random people.There is also strong profanity:People say the game is full of substances but you ther than the names and one mission there really not that bad
This is a review of single player. Content It is a western, so there is a lot of violence in both the gameplay and cutscenes. It can get really graphic, but the game lets you decide if you want to be a good person or not with the honor system. Drinking and smoking is basically everywhere, and can be indulged by the player, but that is also a choice (except for one level). Language isn't frequent, but some words may be unfamiliar to young teens (such as racial epithets). Sex isn't a big issue aside from some racy Easter eggs. Quality I don't even know where to begin. The characters and story are riveting, and are brought to life by the fantastic cast. The open world is huge, immersive, beautiful, detailed, and has a TON of things to do and see. It's one of the only games where getting from one place to another doesn't feel like a chore, simply riding your horse and taking in the environment around you is enjoyable. I did have to get use to the manual controls (cocking guns, cooking, skinning prey, etc.), but I got the hang of it after a short while. In terms of