 flaws, the wanted system is a bit unfair, and I wish there were more bounty contracts in single player. It's a must have if your fine with the long story and realistic mechanics.
Its a very fun game with a great story, great graphics and very fun mechanics. Its definetly worth a try, but it does not desere an 18+ rating.
It says f-ck once and all the other swears are mild. And there is a child mode to turn down the violence and gore. And it barely has anything with sex in it, and you don’t have an answer option to do anything with prostitutes, you can ONLY decline, or reject. Red dead 2 is a great game with positives messages everywhere the people who reviewed it didn’t really look for them. So, I think kids 14 and up can handle it, the gore and everything.
i think the game has little to no sexual game play and maybe 3 to 4 swear words overall the game is a wonderful experience and if you are really strict you can provide your child with limits to what he can do also through the game you strive to be good as good honor gives a better ending which everyone wants
Welp i never played it but saw the videos its so so awesome i mean the detials man the graphics but yeah the violonce since they have realistic body disembrent prefer it for kids who are ages 12-18
NON-SPECIFIC SPOILERS First off, despite the beautiful scenery, this is not a game for kids. There is bloody shootouts with all manner of people, and robberies, which often end with the screen littered with corpses. The story itself is astounding, but very long (60 hours or more). It takes an interesting niche in western games, as it follows what is almost the beginning of the end of outlaw gangs, and how Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang (led by their charismatic, scheming leader Dutch) are slowly being crushed by law and order as many before them have. You form many a close bond with the characters, which makes it all the more difficult when they are suddenly killed or disappear otherwise. The open world itself has mind blowing, ever changing scenery and places to discover, from snow-peaked mountains, to rivers and lakes, to the industrial, modern, yet subtly charming city of Saint Denis. Another brilliant aspect is the ever changing random encounters that you experience, differing from games like GTA V, where there are almost non-existent outside of the online mode. It could be a man dying from a snake bite, a gang ambush or a trailer of prisoners making a desperate escape. How you choose to deal with these situations could affect your honour level, which itself is an interesting dynamic that also affects your ending. Overall, this is a brilliant game that I would recommend to all teens and adults.
Okay, I have to say it, kids nowadys curse like sailors, make sexual jokes, and