 are very toxic with their vocabulary and actions. Take a "child friendly game" like Fortnite for an example, where almost every game you will get a 9 year old swearing like there is no tommorow. 10 year olds can play this because it is really nothing they don't already know. Also like many others have said, it really isn't 18+ content... I mean it is a cowboy game, there is going to be robbery and murder, but it definitly is not to the extent that commonsensemedia said in their review.
Red Dead Redemption 2 isn’t what you think it is. The game gives you a lot of choice in what you can do whether it’s being the worst human being alive and getting a $1000 bounty over your head or being a good person and helping everyone. While the game can be quite violent at times and there are 2 sex scenes (both of them I found accidentally), the game isn’t that bad. There is one chapter 4 mission called ‘Horseshoe Apocalypse’ where one of your gang members comes back to your camp with his head decapitated and then having a shootout with your rival gang the O’Driscolls and the skinning animals animation is quite realistic. The sex scenes are both in chapter 2. The first one is in the mission ‘A Quiet Time,’ where you get drunk with your friend Lenny and when you go into one of the rooms in the Valentine Saloon, you can see two people having sex but don’t see any of the private parts. The second one is when your camp is celebrating the return on Sean i think and while you don’t see it, you can hear it.
In this game, you kill a lot with blood of course being shown, but not too graphic. In the game, you play Arthur Morgan part of the Dutch Vanderline Gang, a group of outlaws. Near the start of the game in Chapter 2, you have a drinking fest with a character named Lenny, and you can using cocaine gum, snake eye ect to grow/protect dead eye (where time freezes and you can mark enemies), energy and health. The characters swear quite a lot, saying the n word, saying f**** and b**** In this game, you can get 3 endings (2 in the main game, 1 in the epilogue of it) In the first 2 endings, it depends on honour. High honour is gained through doing good deeds (donating to the homeless, greeting people, donating to camp funds, donating to people in game, doing side missions) which gives you the good ending. Low honour is gained through mostly killing and insulting people while not in missions (killing innocents and horses in the missions can get your honour lowered, though) It gives many positive messages such as "revenge is a fools game" (which if you complete the epilogue and realize the ending of RDR1, you'll realize what that means and how it connects) If I was to be honest,