 one of the most great messaged games and great role models for an 18+
This is my favorite videogame. It has everything. Stunning visuals, character depth, realism, and smooth but intense gameplay. It's just awesome. And by "awesome" I don't mean "cool" or "great" I mean awe inspiring. I also don't think it's fair to give this an 18+ rating. This game is nowhere near as brutal or sexual as The Last of Us for example. Now THAT is an 18+ game. This one is violent and brutal at parts, but the gore is more background than main focus. The only times you see it are in certain missions, but you're usually far too focused on playing to really notice (unless you like to walk up to carnage and see how much detail they put into it). The cutscenes don't force you to gag at graphic violence, and there are only a few moments that contain slightly extreme sexual content. I only saw like two, and they were brief. It really depends on the person, and I think most people my age who couldn't handle it would know for themselves. But my real point is that this game is a masterpiece, and it's well worth the 60 hours of play time.
people say that rdr2 is so bad which this is wrong
I think this is an amazing game and it has very little swearing and many good role-models
This game is rating 18 for a reasom. 18+
I think its fine for a mature 14-16 year old but definitely not a 10 year old.If your young and want to play this game play it with an adult.I recommend reading other reviews before making your choice. There is very strong gore and violence.
Although it has a lot of violence and stuff, it doesn't look as bad (violence wise) fallout 4 or borderlands 3 (both games i play)
Wow
RDR2 review
A great story
best game ive played
Not 18+
Great game
this is not rated M
Depends on your kid, but...
Shows a life of freedom
Great game, just very violent.
A fun, jam-packed full of content, western shooter.
Outstanding Game — Not for Kids or Young Teens
To define Maturity
Rockstar Continues Their Tradition of Totally Family Friendly Games :)
Definitely not an M rating
Great Game
Memorable story
Beautiful and intelligent game, some scenes of heavy violence
So I played this game after reading some reviews and wow I was impressed the game is a story about a gang of out laws in a changing time just trying to survive while saving others in the process yes there is a bit of nudity and sexual content but that’s only in a certain part and it is completely optional to see that but the game can be more violent if you choose to the worse thing you can do is tie someone to train tracks as a train is coming there is quite a bit of gore but if you let your son or daughter play gta or cod this has a similar amount of blood to those games . SPOILERS AHEAD. Near