 the end of the game you learn that your character has tuberculosis and is slowly dying so now Arthur (your character) is trying to help people if you are a good person you will start to see a stag if you are a bad or neutral person you see a wolf so if you get the good ending your friends leave you to die if you get the bad ending your friend shoots you and in one other ending your friend stabs you while you go to get money from a burning train. Spoilers are done here. So I would say this is a grate story and It would be ashame to miss out on
This is not a game for kids under 18 just like GTA it has sex violence and swearing like a sailor although the story is very gripping you play as an antihero named arthur morgan and john martson who are in a gang and slowly things go off the rails. as things in the west change..
This game has the best story that I have ever played. If this game was a movie it would get many oscars. Th attention to detail and the amazing graphics are some of many reasons why this game is rockstars greatest creations.
the depth of the game is just amazing, i think about the characters and all on a regular basis, its just simply a masterpiece. but i think you have to be mature to enjoy the game at the maximum level. and to understand the story and the moral choices.
This is an amazing game that is ok for 13+
Amazing game! If you can handle blood and cussing this game is awsome there is a part where you see somebody have sex but you only see it for a second. in some areas you do see the KKK but you can ingore it or shoot them. Other then that a great game with a great story 100% in my top 5 favorite games
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a masterpiece. I've beat the game multiple times and each time, I am so impressed with the overall game. There is no nudity except for one scene which is about 2 seconds long. In the game, you can choose whether to be honorable or dishonorable. Each choice you make can affect your game experience. I've played as honorable and dishonorable, and I can say with confidence that both paths are amazing. While it is more fun to be a bandit and just do whatever you want, it is more rewarding in the end to be the honorable player. In the game, some common things to do are hunt, fish, be a bounty hunter, and unlock things such as weapons, and accessories. There are also side missions along with the regular missions. A typical side mission, is meeting a stranger, and doing things for them. A regular mission is usually robbing people, or helping them. Sometimes you get to decide your actions, and sometimes it is