 required that you don't spare or help them. If you commit crimes near people, such as robbery, they will become a witness and will report you to the local law. You can stop them however by threatening them. In Red Dead Redemption, you use horses to travel. There are also trains and stagecoaches too. You can buy horses, steal them from others, and catch wild ones. Some horses are very valuable and can cost a lot and some will be very cheap. As you continue to be with your horse, your bond with it will grow. If you and your horse get into trouble and it gets shot, you will have to use horse reviver to heal it. If you don't have any on you, then you might have to give up your horse. In the game, you are running from the law with your gang. You must set up camps across America to stay away from them. Each time you interact with your gang members, your bond with them grows. You can upgrade your camp supplies by using money you earn to upgrade it. You can contribute supplies to the gang such as food, and money to help fund for everything. You can hunt for food for the gang such as deer and rabbits which are very common animals seen across America. There are legendary animals in the game which you can craft into pelts to use for clothing. There are also legendary fish which you can send to people for a reward. If you hunt the legendary ram, you can make a hat and pants out of it. There are also other rival gangs you can interact with, although they won't be too friendly towards you and might start shooting at you. If your health is draining, you can use health cures to bring it back up. You can also use dead eye to hit vulnerable areas on your target such as the head and chest. There are also shops that you can go into to buy things. The general store has everything from food, to clothing. The gunsmith has weapons such as pistols, shotguns, rifles and ammunition. You can also go to the doctors to get medicine. There are many small towns in Red Dead Redemption 2 along with a city called Saint Denis. If you are caught committing a crime, you have a chance to surrender to the law. If you don't surrender in time, they will start shooting you and won't stop until you're dead. The longer you keep up a fight with the law, the higher up your bounty will be. As long as you have a bounty, you will be hunted by bounty hunters. If you see any of them near you, you can escape or shoot them. Smoking and drinking are optional in this game, except for a few missions which might require it. There are many people in the game that you can interact with. You can greet them, antagonize them,