 SPOILER!) P.S If you have not played this game it would be wise for you to skip this section and this is the end of the review.additional stuff is nonsensical.Only read this if you haven't played the game but want it very badly and your mum or dad won't get it for you bcuz it's too violent. In one sequence,we see the Origami killer's brother drowning in a construction yard.This is envitable and is a flashback .After this,the Origami killer gets deep in depression and changes his name to Scott Shelby.he starts drowning small children in rainwater when their time runs out and the objectives are failed and throughout the game we see the corpses .Depending on how good you are the game,you can kill characters like the part where you are strapped to the table and you must shake off the restraints and fight the enemy before he comes back or you can be drilled in the leg.There is nothing to worry about in all the sequences mentioned except for the emotional value not for sensitive people.w
Really... My best guy friend plays this all the time. I tell him that it is rated M... For mature... but he never listens. I always cover my eyes when the naked comes on (Witch is 3/4 of the time)so I rarly see his house.
As a 14 year old, its a dark but fantastic game with heavy morales. The game isn't meant for kids since there is a good chance they'll get bored because its not Halo or doesn't have huge explosions. It also is because the controls are complex along with the story and its REALLY depressing. I enjoyed the game for what it is and it if you want a great story with characters that feel like humans, get this game.
m means m here
Amazing.
Perfect for more mature players. Not suited for kids.
-12: No 13-15: If Mature 15+: Yes
Heavy Rain
Redefines video games as an art form, but NO KIDS SHOULD PLAY HEAVY RAIN
15+
okay for 12 up
INCREDIBLE GAME!!!!
Excellent, realistic game good for those 10th grade-college teens
some nudity (breasts only) but violence isnt too bad only theme of game. good for teens
Amazing game 5/5!!!!!!!
WOAH! this game is hardcore and full of violence. Nudity isn't necessary and just overall an adult game. NOT FOR KIDS! Bad language is constant with a lot of drinking. Nudity is by far the worst.
The man is trying to save his son. There is some onscreen nudity.
What an amazing game. It does more than what a movie could ever do. Everyone should play this game at some time in their life. Yes, there is more nudity than most games, but honestly, by now, your kids have probably already seen breasts. Can't keep them hidden forever. Though, the younger kids will most likely get the true mentality of the game.
Heavy Rain is by far one of the best PS3 games out there. It's a very realistic and mature game, so kids really shouldn't watch or play this game, as it contains