 or rob them.You can also shoot them, although the law shows up pretty fast if you're in a town. The wildlife in Red Dead Redemption 2 is outstanding, and there's always something new to discover. You can pick plants and herbs, such as english mace, Indian tobacco, and ginseng. Hunting animals and fishing provides food for you and your camp. The major theme in Red Dead Redemption 2 is loyalty. All in all, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an outstanding game, and I've never regretted getting it and I can't recommend it enough.
I played Red Dead Redemption 2 as a 12- and 13- year old. There is violence, but it's mostly just blood when you kill an enemy. There is an honor meter that actually affects how the game ends (high honor=good ending, low honor=bad ending). If your kid knows this, they will probably try to stay honorable. No spoilers, but the bad ending is VERY bad. Also, the story is the best story I've ever seen told. That includes books and movies. The story is something I would never miss out. However there is a lot of swearing, for example they do drop f-bombs, but besides that, if your kid can handle it, it's probably good. If you're still worried because it's a rockstar game, there is no nudity besides one characters butt being partially shown.
I think this game is a great way to be able to be free you can do what you want and go where you want.
Now, let me start this review off by stating that I have logged a 100+ hours into the game. Let's get started. In the campaign, you can: Dismember people, Blow people's heads off, Capture people, Rob or steal from people, save others, help others, kill others that are trying to rob others, get drunk, get in fights (fist fights, great game playing mechanics), smoke, drink (obv), and much more, including: Paying Prostitutes. In the Multiplayer, alot of the sexy stuff is virtually gone. Your character doesn't speak, you can flip people off (very fun as some real life people get angry and chew me out over voice chat), and much much more. TL;DR: If you are wondering if you should let your 13 and below son play this, you might be better off having him play multiplayer. Sure, some people are toxic, but I don't meet much toxic people. Have some fun, maybe even play with him on another acc (if you don't mind spending money for 2 games). Sure, there may a lot be gore, but isn't there in a TON of other first/third person shooters? You need a pretty beefy computer if you are going to play this on PC My specs (I get around 60-70 FPS on the highest): i9 14 core GeForce RTX 2060 Super with 8 gigs of VRAM 32 gigs of ram And a bunch of other techno babble I'm pretty sure I only understand. Keep in mind, I'm 12. Game mechanics: Horse riding