 Gun fighting Fist fighting Drinking Smoking Eating Sleeping Buying things with In-Game money That's all! There's a ton of other game play mechanics, but otherwise, that's it.
I love this game, it’s absolutely massive, both map size and content wise. You play as Arthur Morgan, an outlaw on the run from the law after your gang fell into a trap. You pick off after the incident heading East to shake the law. You look out for your camp and the members in your camp as they are technically your family. The gang has questionable morals, as you are the muscle man who is there to intimidate debtors, other gangs, and the law. Arthur does grow over the course of the game, but no spoilers. It has a bit of gore, for instance you can blow someone’s head off with a shotgun, but you are strongly encouraged to only blow the bad guys head off. There is a serial killer on the loose leaving extremely bloodily corpses with intestines, severed heads, and other organs leading a trail to him. There is also language, if Arthur falls you will likely here a s—t and in dialogue they come up rather frequently, such as f—k, s—t, d—m and others. You can play as either a good outlaw or a bad outlaw (you are pushed to be a good outlaw far more than a bad outlaw and are given discounts for being one) but still an outlaw nonetheless. There is some sexy stuff, such as a partially nude, avoidable sex scene in a main mission, of which I didn’t encounter, there are also moans and grunts coming from rooms in inns, hinting toward some stuff happening. There are prostitutes in saloons with slightly revealing clothes just cleavage), you can’t pay for them but they just go through their programmed dialogue and flirt with other npcs. Towards the beginning of the game you set off into the nearby town with some of the women in your to find out possible heists to pull and they go off to flirt with men to try and get them to reveal their secrets. You stay with Hosea and shop for the camp when one returns asking you if you have seen Tilly , you then see her being pulled into an alley and promptly go save her. Then you look for Karen in the local inn and head her screen. You then run in the room and see that someone is trying to rape her so you beat them up and she goes back to the group. Nothing is revealed however. Arthur is not the best role model but he is a good representation of how people can change. There is also drinking where in one mission, a gang member runs to camp in shock telling that Micah was kidnapped so Dutch asks you to take him to town for a drink. You then get drunk and do the can can with some strangers. You also can smoke to