 replenish your abilities. It is a great game and a mature child could easily handle it.
This game has a marvelous, touching story. The graphics, voice acting, and details are second to none. However, the exceptional graphics make the combat and violent aspects of the game very brutal and visceral. Expect to see bloody and gory gunshot wounds, blood spray, and pools of blood during and after gunfights. Knife fights leave bloody slashes on the bodies and faces of your assailants. People can be burned alive and will writhe around and scream in agony. Dynamite, shotguns, explosive bullets, or Gatling guns can blow victims’ heads into bits and blow legs and arms into bloody chunks. Enemy campsites will often feature severed heads and hands on stakes, along with mutilated, decapitated, or eviscerated bodies. Several scenes that you can stumble across will feature bloody or mangled bodies, some that are almost unrecognizable. And that’s just in the open world free roam. The story is also rife with violence. Expect main characters and secondary characters to be injured or die along the way. One of them gets shot in the face unexpectedly. A man gets his eyes gouged out and his head cut off (off screen, we just see the aftermath). A horse has its entrails strewn about the snowy ground. An unarmed character gets shot in the chest. An old woman is strangled and beaten to death. A woman is shotgunned in the stomach. A young man gets shot twice in the midsection. A man is drowned and then fed to an alligator. A stranger who is killed by a bear has his face and skull crushed, leaving his eyeballs hanging out of their sockets and revealing his brain matter. The list of deaths and injuries goes on and on. There is a lot of drinking and smoking in the game, though there is no drugs. The nudity includes a brief glimpse of a woman’s breasts and full-frontal nudity of a feral man. This game is outstanding, but truly should not be played by kids. I played the game when I was 15, and in retrospect should have been older before I played this game. It is truly a masterpiece once you are old enough to play it. The story makes it feel like you are watching a movie. The language is pretty bad, though the f-word and the n-word are very rare.
Great game. Freeplay and online is for 9 and up, but story mode probably is for kids 12 and up.
When rockstar labeled the game as Mature 18+ I am pretty sure 18+ is the right age that your kid should be playing the game. I have had this game for 2 weeks now and it is a very very good game. For violence it is like nothing less than a pg 13 movie. The blood and gore can now be turned off but the cussing is nothing that a 12/13 year old child hasn’t heard at school or in a