 movie before. So far I am about 20 hours or more into the game and there is little to no nudity SO FAR. But there isn’t any sexual content either. If your child has anger issues and cusses a lot and gets into a lot of fights this is definitely not for them. If your child is easily adicted to games they should definitely not be playing this game. However, if your child does not repeat things that they see in movies or video games this would be okay for them. I am 13 and you might wonder why would this guys parents let him play this. Well this is what you and your kid should do. Sit down and play at least 2-3 hours with them and if this doesn’t sound good for your child it’s probably not. But if you think your child can handle this then allow it. All you need is at least 2-3 hours of gameplay. But if you don’t want to play it watch a YouTube video of gameplay. Overall Rockstar did very good on the graphics and the main character Arthur Morgan is a very good protagonist. This game will also teach your children a little history.
When I was 11, I got this game after seeing it at a friends house. I bought it on my Xbox, beware of the massive 100~ gigabyte download size, and took about 4 hours to download. Let’s get to the actual game. It’s quite a hard game to accurately rate, as the violence completely depends on what you do. Looking at highest violence possible sort of view, it is about 15+. Brutal beheadings with sawed off shotguns, people squirming in pain when they get shot in the stomach, violent knife attacks, and bleed outs. Strong language includes c*cksucker, f*ck, a lot of sh*ts, and most of the strong language you would see in a R movie. Sex is not present, besides one Easter egg that’s almost impossible to find unless you are looking for it, and even that has fully clothed people and is only talk. However, bad things have consequences. Witnesses will report you to the law, who will then promptly neutralize you. But, on the flip side, you can be a good person and help out people, causing shop owners to lower Prices, and other positive things, the storyline, especially the end is very emotional at times. In the story, you play as the gang brute, Arthur Morgan. You and your gang are trying to survive as the other outlaw gangs are being hunted down. Over the story, you attempt to become a better person, and the ending depends on whether you killed lots of people or was a good person and helped people out. Red Dead online is just the game with added toxic people. Would recommend this game.
There is nothing bad in this game at all! No violence, swearing, yadayadayada, NOTHING! All the kids in all the world should play it :) :)