 :) Reality: Violence, guns, heads exploding, swearing. Good game, probably not for young children.
I think an M rating is kind of absurd. I mean they swear a lot. But in real life in the Wild West they did A LOT worse. You were caught cheating in poker, BOOM! You were doing dragged out in the street and shot. But I mean 5 year olds are playing Fortnite. Kids probably hear a lot worse in music, films, and at school. It’s also violent but again these kids probably seen a lot in films and stuff. And M rating is absurd. It should be T for teen.
It is a good game that 14 and older should be alowed to play and heres why. There is a lot of blood and some swearing and you should be about 13 to handle that kind of content. The other thing that makes me say 14 and up is I have come across one bad thing. If you get to the part in the story when you are in the saloon with lenny dont go searching for him through doors only walk around the bar to find him or dont do the mission at all. If you read this and play the gme keep it in mind.
Red Dead Redemption 2 follows a group of outlaws who rob banks and trains. The game has a unique 1899 Wild West setting along with some very nice character designs. The world feels alive when you’re roaming and the missions never seem to get old. You are required to kill people in the campaign, but while roaming its entirely your decision. The violence can get bad, for example you can shoot people heads and limbs off and there is blood and gore. You can also kill animals for profit, food, or fun. Most of the violence is up to the player and they will be fined, jailed, or killed for committing crimes. Crimes also lower the players honor level and doing good deeds will raise it. Swears weren’t an issue and most of the time it sounded like real world conversion where they were only dropped a few times with almost no f-bombs. The story was very fun and never bland or boring and the graphics were probably the best I’ve seen to this day. There were also some positive messages sent by Arthur (the protagonist). If you are 14 or older, this is a must play.
Firstly, I want to say this game looks drop-dead gorgeous running on PC, or any high-end console. The gameplay is also brilliant and effortlessly fun, the story is emotional and intelligent, and the game boasts perhaps the best "open world" of any console game in the modern generation. However, this game is not for children. Swearing is a constant throughout the experience, some scenes glamorise heavy drinking and smoking, and violence is brutal and often bloody. Some scenes that may distress younger children include rotting/hanging corpses, depictions of suicide, knife violence and brief nudity.