 Great
red dead
Amazing game but not for younger kids
18+ not at all
A really great game
It’s good
Good game.
Good game.
2 years later and its still my favorite game...
good, but...
Wow
English work
Not that inappropriate
Great game! But it has mature themes
Great game, not for little kids but teenagers will be fine.
...
Good game
Breathtaking Western Masterpiece — Red Dead Redemption 2 | Video-Game Review
Great game
Not as bad as people say
It is truly a great game. It really shows how your actions affect yourself and others. The ending is sad. There is violence, swearing, and smoking but it takes place in 1899. If you don't want your kid playing a violent game then you're overbearing. Playing a violent game won't make them evil or bad. Being too protective can be a bad thing. Take care of your kids but don't be a nuisance. Let them explore. The moral is your actions will affect yourself and others. Your choices will change the ending. If you act with honor you will have a better ending. If you do honorable acts throughout the game the ending will be Arthur's Redemption.
so this game is fine for kids 6 and up it has great messages 18!!!! what are they talking about!!!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna start off saying that this is the best game I've played in a long time, but it earns its rating of M. In the game, you play as a gang member so you're going to be doing some bad stuff. Lots of western-style shootouts to be had, and some of your best kills are slowed down to show the killing of your enemy, which shows quite a bit of blood. There is swearing thrown around a lot, but usually to better show emotion. You cannot do anything sexual, but some women clearly show as prostitutes, there is a lot of sex talk, and you can walk in on two people in a saloon. The game is very slowly paced so this could be a turn off for younger gamers.
Listen there are guns and stuff but this is wild west.It has messages but has alot of violance in some gun fights with bounty hunters and odriscols.Now i believe if your10 + kid doesent get scared allot go and get it
*SPOILERS* As you go on a journey as Arthur Morgan with a gang of outlaws you get feeling all the way through the story mode. In Chapter 2 after leaving the cold mountains you are free to explore this vast world and your just starting to connect with the characters. Dutch van der linde was like a father figure to me at the beggining of the game I thought he was going to give the gang a happy ending. Towards Chapter 4-6 When the gang fell apart and I felt devastated by Hosea's death since he was also like a father. Then Guarma happened The gang escapes and a brilliant soundtrack plays when arthur returns to camp for his gang that explains Arthur's troubles. When he gets to camp everyone is gone and it