 turns out they were north of the city of Saint Denis in a swampy village called lakay. long story short Arthur gets there, Sadie adler saved everyone, A shootout between the gang and pinkertons breakout. Then chapter 6 when arthur is diagnosed woth Tuberculosis from beating a man over a debt. Arthur realises he doesn't have much time left and with a rat in the gang Arthur must redeem himself as a 'Good man'. Arthur can do more debts for Strauss but only absolve them as the debts are what caused him to be a dead man walking. Arthur kicks Strauss out of camp, Pearson and uncle already left the gang before it got worse. Micah is starting to show his true colors when he starts being around Dutch more often, turning Dutch against Arthur . And at this point I stop looking up to Dutch and start depending on myself to make Arthur a good man and to save the gang. Then, the train heist happens John is shot in the arm Dutch goes back with Michah and claims 'John didn't make it' soon after the train heist which was succeful and now the gang has enough moey to run away from America. When they get to camp Tilly Jackson has Jack(Johns Son) on a horse saying THEY TOOK ABIGAIl. The gang learns Abigail( Johns's wife) was kidnapped by the Pinkertons Michah convinces Dutch that Abigail is just a girl, but Arthur and Sadie try to convince Dutch to go back for her in van horn. But, the gang rides back to camp and Arthyr and Adie retrieve Abigail after a long shootout and Murdering Agent Milton wich Milton said Micah was the rat. After they get away Arthur sends Sadie and Abigail to copperhead landing to get them away from the gang. Arthur then goes to ride back ro the gang which is the saddest cinematic apart from his death when a song plays about the tragedy of gang. Arthur confronts Micah for being the rat. It becomes a stand off between Arthur and Micah trying to convince Dutch who's lying. It ends with John coming back and Ms. Grimshaw dead John is the only one on Arthur's side as Pinkertons shoot at the gang. They run away in the the cave and get out to run away on their horses. They end up getting their horses shot by Pinkertons and after shooting 3 of the Pinkertons Arthur says, "Thank you" to his loyal horse as it passes away. John keeps running up the mountain and Arthur says, "What about the money?" Then you get the choice to go back for the money or to help John. In the name of redemption I helped John get to safetey while Micah beat the crap out of Arthur. Arthur pulls out a gun but Micah grabs it and Arthur hits him with it and they fall over Arthyr is now crwling towards the gun to kill Micah, but dutch steps