 on his hand and says, "It's over Arthur it's All over" Then Arthyr tells Dutch how Micah as the rat an how he tried hard to be loyal to the gang. While Micah tells Dutch that Arthur is lying. Dutch Abandons them both and with Arthur being honorable and being a 'Good man' not even Micah finishes him. Arthur crawls toward a rock and Lays down as a song plays and he stops breathing right up front of a sunrise. I cried then realizd I have done the right thing and gave Arthur his Redemption. 10/10
It’s just a western stile game trying to be as realistic as possible. It isn’t as bad as what really happened back in the western days You can’t be tortured you can’t lose everything It’s just a game
I like it. Some violence and cursing. Not that much.
I like it. Some violence and cursing. Not that much.
This game is a work of art. After getting a ps4 for my birthday I worked hard for a month to convince my mom to let me get this game. It is the best purchase I have ever made. From the dry desert in tumbleweed and the muddy dirty town of valentine to the fancy and grand city of saint denis there is countless things to do. Yes there is blood and cursing but nothing too too bad. And trust me I hear way worse in school. The graphics are amazing and its so cool to cut and style arthur/John's hair. Choose their outfits and horses. The story is amazing and honestly I was crying by the end of chapter six. YOU NEED TO GET THIS GAME!!!
Red dead redemption is a very good game with a beautiful western universe. Despite its qualities, it is also very violent and mustn’t be used by people under 16. The language is also very violent. The online mode is not as good as the story mode but is acceptable.It is an excellent game which should be played.
I don't know where to start with this game. I'm going to be 100% honest throughout this review. This game has absolutely the most compelling characters and story. I have put over 100 hours into this game. You play as Arthur Morgan, an outlaw from 1899. Arthur is a part of the Van Der Linde gang of outlaws, leaded by Dutch Van Der Linde. The game is too detailed for a review, so I'll just go over the reason why you are here. There is plenty of shootouts with visible blood, dismemberment of limbs, heads being blown off, explosions, etc. If your son/daughter has a strong moral compass, they will know not to go and blow somebody's head off with a shotgun. With sex, there isn't any and there is very mild references. In one of the missions, you have to save a girl from an abusive man that seems to have almost r*ped her. With swearing, there is the basic cowboy slangs like "bastard", "goddamn", "b***h", "c*****er",