 violence, some heavy swearing and nudity. But overall a very exciting and emotional gaming experience.
this game is not M! the only Violence is there are a couple of fist fights and there are dead bodes.
Heavy Rain is interesting in the aspect that it doesn't try to be offensive. Letting your child play this game isn't a question of age, but rather maturity. HR contains Violence, Sex, Language and Drugs, but the themes, regardless of how dark they are, serve an ultimately positive moral. Characters in the game may have a darkened past, but mostly serve as great role-models for children aspiring to grow into a righteous adult at some point in their lives.
To me its more like a movie than game every choice changes the story and it fun
Great game But it could go with out the nudity
Heavy Rain doesn't even seem like a video game. There simply hasn't been any other game quite like it, even with the advent of games such as Alan Wake and Shenmue (am I the only one who's heard of that amazing Dreamcast game?) that share its ambitions. Just because Heavy Rain isn't like anything else doesn't mean it isn't good. The developer, Quantic Dream, also developed a little-known game called Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy, and the influence from that game shows in Heavy Rain. Both games have cinematic elements interwoven within the gameplay, as well as a host of Quick Time Event sequences (when you have to move or press a specific button at the right moment in time). Heavy Rain puts you in the shoes of four people trying to stop a serial killer (codenamed The Origami Killer). The story has many red herrings and plot twists, and certainly does feel like a movie. However, that movie would be given a hard R rating, since this game is not for kids or young teens AT ALL. Violence, while infrequent, is quite detailed and unsettling. One character has to chop off his own finger in order to save his son (some blood can be seen, but the act is mostly implied). Another impales a man with a drill (also somewhat graphic), and in another scene, this same character tortures a man by squeezing his private area. The exact act isn't shown. There's a sex minigame that isn't as graphic as God of War, but is worth noting regardless. Nudity comes very close to being full-frontal, and one scene involves the female character stripping for a man. There are many f-bombs. Finally, there's use of Triptocaine (a fictional drug), what's presumably cocaine, marijuana, alcohol, and tobacco. However, like CSM said, this is only seen, and none of the main characters actually use the drugs. Overall, once again, if you're a mature gamer, you have to experience Heavy Rain.
amazing game but the story could be a bit to heavy for younger kids so 15+ should be ok
i think its harshly rated because you can avoid a lot of these things Jake
I bought this game last week. It