 etc. Then there is infrequent use of "f**k", and "s**t. You get to decide if you want to go and shoot up a town or be an honorable cowboy. There is a system in the game that punishes you for commiting crimes or just being an asshole to other NPCs. As for drugs, there is cocane gum, alcohol, chewing tobacco, cigars, cigarrettes, etc. The ending of the game varies if you were a good man or a bad man. As for drugs, there is cocane gum, alcohol, chewing tobacco, cigars, cigarrettes, etc. *SPOILER ALERT* Arthur will die from tuberculosis looking over a mountain peacefully if the player was honorable. If the player decides to go back for the money instead of helping a friend escape, Arthur will die from being stabbed no matter if the player had high honor or low honor. The 3rd and final ending is that Arthur gets shot on the head if the player had low honor. This game has great messages and Arthur Morgan is a good man. It is up to the player to decide if they want to be a gritty outlaw or a honorable cowboy in Rockstar's newest open world game. You can free roam and interact with any NPC in a good way or bad. One of my favorite encounters is where you have to help a civil war veteran with one leg get his horse back after it ran away. After you return the horse, he invites you to go fishing. Little things like that make this game very unique and entertaining. If you have a mature 13 year old as your son/daughter, him/her and probably you, will enjoy this amazing western action.
To me, this video game should be played by teenagers over 14 years old at least. I don’t consider this game as a very violent game compared to other Rockstar game or compared to other wars game such as Call of Duty. Yes indeed, the use of gun will be really important, you will use it a lot of times to kill or advance in the game because you have to. But our character, Arthur Morgan, always kill for a good raison. We understand him, we know that he won’t kill people for any raison. Yes, of course, you will be able to hang people, to kill a passer-by, steal horses, kill the men on it, but all these things are here for you to have a better experience. I’m not sure that a kid will enjoy this, and do this on purpose, even if he does that, I don’t think he is able to understand what he did, so the impact will be low. Directly, the cover of the game tells you what you are expected to do. There is this cowboy pointing on your direction with his revolver in order to kill you. Here is a really quick sum up of the story. The story of the game talks about a gang searching for a safe