 place to hide out after a failed robbery, while gang moves from place to place, they successfully saved 9 families from death. During the story the gang will help others while also robbing and killing some people. However, the only reason though the gangs does this once again is to provide food for the people they saved. At the end of the story the main protagonist realizes that crime, no matter what, is bad, the ending shows redemption and why never to commit crime. Concerning the violent scene, there is some, but they are really few in on this 66-hour long game. There is shocked scene like the one where a member of our gang run into a house and kill a pregnant woman. Personally, only this scene shocked me, the presence of sex is almost absent, you will just see breast if you go to a brothel and concerning the injury you will hear F*ck a lot of times but that’s the language of the time. In conclusion, I find in this game that the place of the gun was minimize in comparison of others, yes gun have to be here for a realistic side but the use of it, it well done.
Let’s all be honest here, the rating says all these things about nudity and violence and language, well for one nudity is something I haven’t even seen on this game yet and I’m like 36 hours in. second, yea there’s language but I mean you really think a child 13 and over has never heard these words in school I mean come on it’s middle school and high school. Third, violence in this games is basically like watching and action or superhero movie, plus it’s a thing that happened in this world it’s not like this game over estimated the violence of the real world, some people say these games are a bad influence, but I mean it’s the Wild West and you may be a criminal in it, but you do heroic things.
I Recommended for mature teens it has many mature themes such as gore It can be quite Da gum bloody It really only Mentions sexuality although there is a hidden part where two people are doing the crazy thing. Brief nutidy nothing extreme
First let me preface this by saying that I am 16 years old and have been playing this game for roughly 17 hours. So far there has been nothing to warrant an 18+ rating. For nudity it’s literally just horse testicles that aren’t even noticeable half of the time. If your kid doesn’t know about genitalia at 16, something is wrong. In terms of sexual themes, the only other thing is that the saloon doubles as a brothel (which is historically accurate) but you never see any nudity or language describing the acts that go on there. The most you see is fully clothed women hanging out with fans. The next topic is drugs and alcohol. First off, whenever you go drinking