 in this game there are always negative consequences, the game doesn’t glorify drinking, as it often ends in getting into a bar fight or being captured by the law. Yes you can smoke to increase a power called deadeye in this game (it’s basically bullet time) but (spoiler alert) you end up with lung disease in the end. As for cocaine gum, it’s literally just regular chewing gum. Addressing the violence and gore in this game is tough, because depending on your honor (a meter in which there are negative consequences for doing illegal things) the chances that you run into it varies. Yes you can blow off limbs but it’s really rare as a certain set of criteria must be met to do so (shotgun at less than 3 feet) and those criteria are rarely met. Yes you do shoot people, usually criminals and people shooting at you as well, but with minimal blood. One thing I will say is that there is a quest line where you hunt a serial killer and find his headless victims, but nothing a 16 year old hast seen either in movies or tv shows. Also, the default view is third person although first person is available. On the topic of consumerism, big whoop you can buy upgrades, soooo scary that people are able to give into capitalist greed inside a video game! Get over it. The most important part of this game is that doing bad things leads to bad things happening to you, so don’t. Violence begets violence and so does hate, your actions have consequences and so you must consider their moral value constantly throughout the game. If that isn’t a positive message I don’t know what is. It actually has more positive role models than you might think. Multiple female cowboys and gunslingers, and, if you take the good route, you.
I think this game is a really cool. And if your kid can handle violence u should be just fine.
Pretty fun to play. I think the story is a bit off sometimes but the online mode is good.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a prequel to the original Rockstar title, and first off, it is one of the greatest and best-looking games of all time. The views are beautiful and undoubtedly breathtaking. But, enough about judging a game by its cover. Let’s get into the real story. I think that the story is very distinctive, unique, and engaging. It’s 1899, a time where outlaws are all but extinct. Except for the Van der Linde gang. You can ride your horse, you can use weapons' you can do anything a pn Outlaw from the Wild West would do during the time. They’re still out to survive against civilization. The protagonist, Arthur Morgan, is very very engaging, funny, and charming. He’ll keep you engaged at all times. The thing that I liked most about this game is that they let you be who you want to be. They let you choose the