 Some ratings are exaggerated
Gory but great
Really good game, a lot of cussing
Great game.
Awesome
A great game! Pretty mature.
Really great game!
Common sense media has a lot of dumbies
This game should definitely have a lower age rating.
Great story, medium amount of cussing.
Good for kids 12+
Fantastic game, don’t make your kids miss out due to violence and some cursing.
Rootin Tootin Bad-Guy Shootin Cowboy Simulator 2018
Not so bad
For mature kids only.
This is an awesome game/but there is violence, some drug use, and swearing
Honestly depends on your child's maturity
Just to clarify, there is no sex in the game, there is some scenes where there is some nudity or close actions, but your character (Arthur Morgan/John Marston) cannot participate in sexual actions. There are also some good messages and your character does eventually see and take note of the actions he has made with remorse, doing less independent bad deeds towards the end of the story. Most of the things like the violence, language, consumption and other stated things are there to more accurately portray the era the game is set in and are not always caused by the character. Honestly, I do recommend this game and I wouldn't really have a problem with a younger audience (like 10 or above) playing as most the things seen in this game is the regular content portrayed in media and on TV, almost guaranteed that someone has already been exposed to content like this and its not really bad, the player just needs to be mature about it and know the difference between reality and a videogame. (Also, most violence and swearing is according to the story and the way it goes, if you play, you'll understand.)
Look... it is an extremely gory game I mean, you can blow heads off, shoot every Limb imaginable off, slit throats, drown people even put people on train tracks all tied up and let trains run them over then see there Misshapen body missing arms ,legs and head but all of that is all choice so if your child,teen doesn’t do that then they won’t see anything. Like most of the time I am playing with my dad anyway so I don’t get away with that I would say that if they are restricted and monitored then any age could play. And over 13 years old old and over 13 year olds should be mature enough to not be monitored anyway I hope I was helpful if not I’ve just wasted about five minutes of your time sorry LOL have a good day
Rdr2 is a really good game, and I would recommend. Arthur Morgan is the main character, and you have full control. The missions involve doing crime but some include moral decisions that will affect your honor rating which is a ranking of your good/bad. You have the option to do many heroic or good deeds, such as donate to people in need, help people, save people, but you can also do robberies and murder throughout the game. There is a lot