 of swearing, it can be quite excessive. The epilogue actually encourages good behavior throughout the game. Would definitely recommend
Where to start. This game is amazing. The story is over 60 hours long, but is entertaining. I have played through the whole game and have not encountered a single sexual reference. I don't know where nudity is coming from besides horse balls. This game has very mature themes though. You can go around killing innocent civilians. You can choose to do bad things or good things. The game has very realistic blood and Gore.
I love this game I’ve played the story about 8 times i love it but i love animals in chapter 1 there is a mission u have to hunt deer and skin them and my fav animal is a horse (spoiler it dies at the end) anyway there is one scene we’re there is a nude woman on a man and there is a bit of racist talk and not to many f words mainly s and b word
Based off of my experience, this is a great game! When I say "My experience", I mean the free roam part of the game. Not the story mode or any of that. Let's talk about the ratings. I don't get the nudity part. The only part where I've seen nudity is when your character gets out of the bath. It only shows your waist up (from your waist to your head). This is based off of my experience though (the free roam part of the game). The sexual content is not that hardcore as GTA 5. I haven't gone into that part of the game but all I have heard about it is that you can hear people taking about it around town (I don't know specifically what). There are some parts of the free roam part of the game where a white dot appears on your screen and that means there is someone you can help. Occasianly there is one where there are these two guys on a horse with a girl locked in a cell being towed by their carriage. If you save the lady in the back, she'll mention that the guys said that they were going to sexually assault her. Now, the violence and blood and gore is as intense as it can get. For example, if you shoot someone on the head with a shotgun or a rifle, their head will come off of their body (there will be a "fleshy" sound and the person's head you shot will just disappear.). If you hit them where your limbs are connected (for example, their joints, hands, legs, arms, etc.), it will come off. If you shoot their hand off, it will disappear and they'll scream lightly. If you manage to shoot their arm or leg off, they'll scream in extreme agony which will disturb most people (especially kids 10 and under; it doesn't disturb me) and you may see that limb that came off. If you