 shoot near their calf, you might see the calf uncovered by skin. You can use explosive rounds which basicly explode on contact which will 100% make the person you shot scream and yell bloody murder and most of their limbs will come off. You can also equip incinery rounds which basically start a fire on contact. If you shoot someone with this, they'll catch on fire and scream in agony. None of their limbs come off though. The strong language is just basics. There's stuff such as f*ck, basterd, b*itch, etc. There isin't the n-word for those who are concerned. For the alcohol part of the game, you can go to the saloon and buy a beer or a shot of whisky. This will basically refill your Deadeye Core (a function of the game which will put everything in slow motion). You can also have stuff like rum in your backpack which will refill your Deadeye Core as well. Your character will just chug it down and toss it to the side (what is called littering these days). For the drugs part of the game, you can have stuff in your backpack like chewing tobacco, cigars, nothing too hardcore like GTA 5. If you've made it this far and are a parent, I would recommended watching YouTube gameplay of this game to determine if it is appropriate for your child. If you've made it this far and are a child, your parents may or may not say yes to this game depending on how strict they are. I may warn you, if you get easily scared and react to the sight of blood and gore, this game is NOT, I repeat, NOT for you as Red Dead Redemption does include lots of this. I hope this review has helped you decide if this game is appropriate for you/your child or not. Have a great day, bye!
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a great western open world third person shooter that puts you in the shoes of Arthur Morgan, an outlaw who rides with a gang known as the Van Der Linde gang. Although the game does have some sexual nature, lots of violence and themes such as racism, sexism and corruption, it is perfect for mature teens and adults. There are a few slurs in the game with a moderate amount of swearing but that can mainly be over looked. There are scenes of torture, execution and murder which can be quite gruesome and gorey with decapitated limbs and hanging body that can sometimes be found scattered around the world. The game makes sure you get connected to the characters and has lots of emotional scenes that personally made me cry. The graphics are outstanding as well as the NPC's and the AI built into the game. It can be quite hard to pick up on the controls but they are easy enough to get the hang of. This game will never leave you bored as there is always new things