 to do or explore. Over all I would recommend it to nearly anyone!
When you go on common Sense Media you make up your own mind based on its context. But there are a lot of reviews from the public who just always say "it's not that bad" when sometimes it clearly is bad. So I'm going to give you actual context and you can make up your mind. Red Dead redemption 2 is by Rockstar games which have made very very dark, violent and inappropriate games like Grand theft Auto. But compare this to Grand theft Auto and it is very tamed. the violence is really bad in this considering you can shoot people's limbs off including the head with a shotgun, but that's about the only thing that's worse in red Dead redemption 2. The other things you will need to look out for are the heavy drinking and smoking (there are no drugs) and a few occasional swear words. red Dead redemption 2 makes up for all this inappropriate glamour with an absolutely beautiful story about redemption for people who believe they will never get a redemption for the actions they have made. In this game you have what's called an "honour system" which is a metre telling you whether you're honourable (a good guy) or dishonourable (a bad guy). The game tries it's best to make you do the good guy decisions especially considering the ending "no spoilers". It is said that playing as a bad guy is more fun and that is completely true but when it comes to the story. You feel like you've done something good, especially near the end it only seems like you and a few other people are the only good guys in the group of bandits you're in. I could go into this with much more detail but I won't because this review would go for way too long. You can make money off for Robbing people, trains and banks which if I'm going to be honest this is a lot of fun but may not be the most favourable things to do in terms of being a good guy. The controls are simple when you're in a shootout you aim and shoot (it locks on to a target for you). The only problem is when your navigating around the large world slowly. You will get stuck on the terrain and always do things you didn't try to do. All and all this is an awesome game and it really comes down to personal preference whether it's good for yourself or your kids.
It was a great game. If your 10/11 yr old wants this and they can handle cussing, get it for them. There is a lot of violence but it’s not that bad.The game’s multiple endings give you a reason to be good, plus it gets you a discount in all stores. Overall I think it’s a great game, 10/10, get it.
I got this game last year when I