 was twelve, and it’s a really good game. Theres some swear words, killing, and tobacco uses.
I got this game for Christmas last year and finished it in a couple months, not because it was hard but just because there was SO much to explore. When I was done my brother (11) asked to play it and he beat it himself. Needless to say he loved it and my parents were fine with him playing it. There’s a lot of violence and cursing but we’re used to it in this family and we watch a lot of movies and TV that have those themes that he’s seen before. It’s nothing over the top and there’s hardly any F bombs in it, I think I only counted six in the missions. There are some sexual themes but it’s nothing explicit and only implied 9 times out of 10. There’s a lot of violence but it’s mainly shooting and the only times that there’s any mutilation is if you use a powerful gun to blow off someone’s limbs or when you save a man and he has to get his arm cut off (this is optional to witness and you are encouraged to leave, but not forced). There are public executions but they’re shown from a distance and you hardly ever see the victim struggling or freaking out when they get hanged. Also you are required to go hunting for one mission but you don’t have to do it ever again for the rest of the game if you don’t want to. The most violent moment in the game is probably when a man gets fed to alligators and that scene is only about a few seconds. The rest of the violence in the game is mainly through shootouts. Most of the activities that aren’t missions that you spend as your character doing aren’t violent. This game is one of the greatest games that I ever play ed and it would definitely be a shame if you don’t let your kid play it because of violence or cursing. In my family, we think that it’s fine for violence and cursing as long as there isn’t a lot of sex in the movie. I’m not sure if everyone thinks that way, but if you do, this game is definitely fine for your kid to play.
arthur lookin kinda thicc tho
Good game play lots don’t die it hurts I am ur mom
Honestly, there is violence, but it's not really gory. There is drugs and drinking, but they come with negative side effects. There is no sex but the npc's talk about it sometimes. You also save a woman from getting raped, but you stop the man before he does anything. There is cursing, but only if the characters are getting shot at or extremely angry. If your child is mature it can probably be a 10+ game. I really enjoyed this game but it is definitely not for younger kids.
Its totally cool and a fun game