 I think it’s great
Great game if you are mature
Amazing.
Amazing
Some cursing but not a ton
Some of the Best Storytelling You'll Ever Find
Mature +13 age
Extremely Gripping Story
You can choose
Great western game for those mature enough!
Great game
RDR2
Best Game I’ve played
The best game I’ve ever played
My Favorite game on the PS4. No spoilers given
Sequel is better than the previous game?
Cleanest game by rockstar
Amazing Game!
Amazing Game
despite the corse language and a bit of nudity it’s fine but you only see bad think when you go and do them so at first keep an eye on your kids but I’m sure they will love it it’s a great game and there is so much to do and if your children do bad think it’s up to you about what you do about it because lots of games have things that you can do but you shouldn’t to so I think it’s a great game for kids.
There is a decent amount of swearing I've only heard stuff like b*tch and b*stars the are bank robberies and store robberies but you don't have to do those things the gore is not much but if you hogtie someone and run them over with a train or shotgun their limbs off they will show some gore the only times I've seen any sex or nudity was once or twice but that is in the campaign and it was only for a split second you can just play online with your friends and avoid most of the other things
The game is beautiful, and it would be cruel to not let them play it. It's definitely one of the best games of all time, and you should let your mature 12/13+ play this game in a time when they can appreciate the graphics. Just the little things you can do... it's amazing. Things parents should know: Violence. It's a Western. If you don't want your kid seeing violence, you don't want your kid playing this game. Disturbing images. There are 2 that come to mind, 3 if you play with low honor. a decapitated gang member holding his head in his hands. decapitated bodies with blood and organs on the ground, with messages nearby like "look what I did" these bodies are for a quest where you track down a serial killer, but you will stumble upon them accidentally. and many more... random mutilated bodies, these people were killed by the nightfolk, who are a band of ... zombie people. they in themselves look super disturbing. as well as later in the game, the skinner brothers, bring waaay more of that. cannibalism. the Aberdeen pig barn family is a brother and sister who are romantically involved and killed and ate there mother. random creepy/interesting Easter eggs. (ive found a ufo, a vampire, a ghost, a werewolf...a weird... pig thing with wings... yeah ive spent a lot of time playing this game.) your main character can smoke, take "drugs" and drink. you cannot pick up a prostitute as far as i know. listing