 all these things makes it sound horribly inappropriate, but the game is filled with wonderful things. Hunting, wild horse breaking, fishing, even drinking coffee. if you dont want your kid playing this, then YOU should play this.
This game is a masterpiece, definitely more effort put into it than GTA V. The scenery is amazing, well, the graphics and quality in general is INCREDIBLE. When playing the Red Dead Redemption II Story, aside from missions that require you to kill or rob, you have the choice to either run around becoming an outlaw or to just mind your own business.
In red dead redemption 2 ( red dead ) the characters will some curse at one another and other people using words like Fu*k, Sh*t, Bi*ch, A**, and in ONE case N*gger lover. This words are not used a lot through but you will hear them being used. In Red dead online your character will not talk so you will not be hearing cursing in red dead online unless its from other people.
The night before Read Dead 2 released, I decided to look into the game a bit more as I was relatively uninterested in it before then. My brother managed to get a hold of the game the night before the worldwide release, and he convinced me to get it. The next day after school I decided to go to GameStop with my mother and I picked up the game. I was pretty excited to play the game after what I had heard. I was never really interested in old west guns or guns in general, but now I can't get enough of them! Read Dead Redemption 2 is truly one of the best video games that has ever been released. The storytelling in this game is just incredible. You play as Arthur Morgan, an outlaw running with the notorious gang known as The Sons of Dutch. The rest of the story is yours to find out. The world is sprawling, and it's easy to get yourself lost in the sheer beauty of all of it. There is so much land to explore, after 9 months of playing the game I still find myself finding new things. As for the content that gave the game its 'M' rating, the nudity is completely avoidable. The only time I saw anything that could be considered 'nudity' was in the mission 'A Quiet Time' when you walk into a hotel room looking for your friend Lenny, and find a man and a prostitute preparing to have sex. You don't actually see anybody's privates, but since people are offended by every little thing nowadays it seems, Rockstar had to put the nudity content descriptor for the game. Language is actually pretty tame for an M rated game. I heard plenty of 'b*stard', 'sh*t,' 'hell', and 'damn', and throughout the whole game I only heard the F word said about 5 times, mostly by Sean MacGuire, an Irish man in your gang. The violence is pretty