 typical for a shooter game. If you have any type of shotgun and shoot somebody in the head, their head will explode, along with any other limbs that you shoot. It's not horrible; it's a bit gory but it really doesn't bother me. Apart from that, shooting people mostly just results in a bullet wound wherever you hit them. Not that bad. There are weapons likes knifes and machetes in the game and you can stab people with them, but I was surprised with the lack of gore. Just a bit of blood and down they go. I am a BIG fan of the honor meter in the game. Basically, it goes like this: if you do good actions, you are known as a good man. If you do bad actions, you will be known as a bad man. I also feel some sympathy for the NPCs in the game. In most games, I would have no problem beating up a random guy on the street. But in Read Dead 2, whenever I get the urge to punch some random person, I sort of feel bad for them before I even do it. The fact that these NPCs feel so real, and alive makes me feel bad if I do bad things to them. Honestly, this game has some good messages to it. As Dutch, the gang leader decides to make some evil choices, Arthur recognizes it. Arthur sees what's right, and while he does bad things, he tries to redeem himself by helping out people who have no one to help them. This game really sent me the message to help people whenever I can. As you can tell by this long winded review, Red Dead 2 is a great game with some pretty good messages in it. If your kid is interested in the Old West and they're starting to get a bit older, this is a great representation.
The gore is a bit over the top with it, however you can choose how to play the game, You can also choose the sexy stuff in it and even if you do it isn't bad. The one thing I will say is there is a lot of drunk alcoholic stuff in the game. swearing can also be muted
Very very gripping western tale that will have you playing it for hours. But keep in mind it is a rockstar game and they don’t EVER hold back. Violence is gruesome and brutal. Language is actually not as bad as the other rockstar games. Lots of smoking and alcohol abuse. A couple scenes of on screen nudity and one of a sexual act that is seen briefly. Overall this game is a must have, amazing characters and gripping story. Definitely keep your eyes open for this one.
The swearing isn't something I haven't heard in middle school a million times and they keep it to a minimum (for the wild west). You can decide what you see (nudity, excess violence). The game doesn't