 force you to tie someone to the train tracks but you can. It doesn't tell you to walk into peoples hotel room while it's closed and watch them. But you can and that is what warrants the mature rating. In general I think a mature kid or teen can play this. It has an incredible storyline and somewhat displays what the wild west was like. It's a incredible game and if you don't let your kid play then they are really missing out.
This game is a beautiful game if you’re mature enough to handle it, missions will constantly end in bloody shoot outs which most of the time are fine but can occasionally be graphic depending on your weapon. Arthur Morgan is of a Antihero, he does wrong things and knows and acknowledges it but throughout the game we see him trying to do what he thinks is right. Depending on how you play the game you can choose to be an honorable outlaw or a unhonorable outlaw, this means you can help or hurt people. Language is pretty over rated by common sense media, yes it contains cussing but over the long campaign you’ll probably only hear big curse words like the f bomb or the n word a few times. An optional mission called “the artists way” contains nudity but it is optional and you do not have to play it. Characters will drink and smoke and at times get drunk though this does not occur too often. All and all this is a great game for those mature enough to handle the themes and is a definite must play.
There is a little bit of blood and some characters says F**k,S**t and N****r You can insult the cavalry and some people and they shoot you or punch you, but you can punch back to them, but if you do too much violence the cavalry comes after you and you are dead! You can also get drunk and if you get drunk the world is seems blurry
Absolutely amazing game. 10/10. Great cast, graphics, story, etc. It really took time and effort to make. You play as an outlaw who does what he can to help his friends. Even though he may do bad things, he is a great man. He turns into pure good, and [spoiler] he dies in the end, and people remember him as a good person (if you choose to do good things).
The game is one of the best I’ve played, possibly the best. The graphics are quite realistic, meaning there will be blood. There are some old fashioned swear words but nothing too bad.
I got this game in January and I played it till the end of the day. The story is amazing, the dialog is amazing, really everything is amazing about it. It genuinely is a great game.
My favorite game. First there are good role models and has justice and redemption I mean of course, it is in the name lol. The violence you