 can shoot peoples head off and you can die by carnivores in the woods or swamps. The sex, nothing to worry about, common sense lied, there are zero prostitutes the only thing that is bad is the deluxe bath. The language is bad but I herd no n word through the whole story. The language there is beer, tobacco, cocaine gum, and cigarettes. But a really good story. I cried at the end.
I enjoyed Red Dead II far more than the first game. The story and characters were more engaging in this one than the previous game. Violence is intense and graphic. Bodies are left rotten, blood and gore spurts and stains the environment, and horses are killed, as well as shearing animals. Language is strong like you would expect from a western; f#!k, $h!t and N***a. Sexuality is a minor factor. Characters frankly talk about sex at times and there is also a secret cutscene where a woman is seen fully naked but only her butt us shown. Drugs and alcohol is expected.
The game is so clean only one sex scene it’s rated mature because the use of Violence, Tabacco stuff, drinking and dirty words
Great game, but lots of swearing, violence and gore. One random encounter with a naked man. Other than that though it’s a super fun game.
These reviews are very misleading in what this game entails, it follows the protagonist Arthur Morgan and his journey to be a better man after he finds out devastating news, (no spoilers) sure there is plenty of violence (which is present in any action movie) and horse genitalia but there’s no nudity in the game besides if you stumble upon a random thing in a mission with Lenny (Arthur’s friend) which has no nudity but implies they were doing intercourse
This game is appropriate for a mature 12 year old , there’s shooting and a good story line but one part of nudity at the end. This part shows the girls right boob and the boys right butt cheek
Amazing. Simply Amazing.
Great western shooter without TOO much mature themes.
Common Sense Screws Up
Interesting
Improved GTA5 meets any Western film in this fantastic tale
Great Realistic Game
Too dangerous
Violent
The best game ive ever played
this game is a work of art
Missing option
Red dead redemption 2 is the best game I’ve ever played.
The Old West
Entertaining Game
Hear me out
Best game ever
One of the best games you will play
Nothing bad to say
This game has violence. There is no doubt about it, and though it is graphic, most times it is hard to see or far away. The reason I rated this game 16+ is because of the themes, as they are difficult for younger people to understand. They consist of corruption, lying to yourself, and much more mature themes that are hard to get if your not a mature teen. The story follows Arthur Morgan who at first is, well, a bad person. As the story progresses you'll see Dutch through Arthur's eyes, and through them you'll see his slow decent into