 madness. Micah is WAY to complicated for kids to understand if they're not WAY beyond their years. Also the story is so long and slow moving that a lot of adults probably can't get through it. (though they should, as it is amazing) There are also themes of sexual assault that again are too mature for children to get. Arthur is also very flawed as he never leaves the gang because he has grown a dependence on them. This game is not easy to play either, there are a ton of systems to keep track of, and it feels annoying at times. If your horse falls off of a cliff or is shot it will die, and in certain circumstances you will have to put it out of its misery. There is also racial slurs thrown around quite a lot. John's fathering at the beginning are also too complex for children to truly understand. This game is objectively the best game of all time, but also very mature and slow moving.
This is one of the best story based games I have played before. The game has amazing characters and the characters don't swear that often. The most common word you will here is dam*it but sometimes during missions or open world activities worse will be used. The trickiest thing about rating this game is, within the game, the character you play as can either be a good man or a bad man. The game uses an "honor scale", you can either go around robbing, shooting, and mugging innocent people, which will cause your honor to go down, and therefore become more of a bad person. Or you can go around helping the poor, saving people from death, and helping them get back home after their horse was killed and your honor will go up, causing you to become a good person. So the better person you are the better role model you are, but if you are a bad person then not so much of a good role model for your kids. Now for the worst parts of the game: there is a mission in which one of your gang members gets taken to prison and one escapes. Since he is panicking you are asked to take him to a bar. Once you get to the bar you start getting drunk until you can't make sense of who is who and everyone ends up looking like your friend. As you search around for your friend trying to find him through the bar you end up entering a room where there is a fully naked woman on top of a man. She covers her self up before you are able to really see her, but it's still a very noticeable scene. Secondly, even before and after this mission is done, just running around town women will ask you if you want some company or if you want to have a good time. I've never attempted to accept, but I don't even