 think it's possible to accept. It's just an aesthetic that's there throughout the game. Now for the game itself, it's pretty hard... the game does teach you the controls and how to play, but it pretty much throws you to the wolves after you reach the 2nd chapter of the game, which is when the game really starts. Basically the end of the tutorial. Your horse is also a must have through the entire game. When I first got it I thought I was gonna forget my horse often and just walk everywhere. But no, you don't leave your horse. It's like forgetting your car when taking a vacation. If you don't have your horse it could take 20+ minutes to get to the next town. And if your horse dies from falling or getting shot well you might as well load your last save because without your horse you're not going to get anywhere. You must also take care of your horse by keeping it fed, grooming it, and petting it here and there to increase your bond with your horse. Over all the game isn't too bad. The hardest part being figuring out what to do in the beginning, but once you figure everything out the game turns into a very fun experience.
This game is the best. It is a really good game but you are probably wondering wheter your child should play it. I say yes. The game has no s_x stuff aside from one stranger encounter called the art of(i forget the rest of the name). Violence wise there is some mild blood. You can commit crimes but the cops come after you and send you to jail which takes all of your in-game money. There is a ton of cursing in the game. Anything up to the level of F words are in the game. The thing is your child has heard all of these words at school. The game teaches you to be good, not bad because you will get a good ending if you are good. I beg you to let your kids play it it is for the better.
People Assume this game would be bad (keep reading) because its made by rockstar which are not kid friendly game designers BUT... it teaches kids about some animals and how outlaws were back then, also mentions civil rights, womens rights, and other things. Now yes this has sex and bad things in it but just know that every game could be like that.
OK! Parental stuff first, like always! So violence? Yes, definitely. This game is even more violent than GTA5. It shows old-Western style gunfights, with things like tomahawks and rifles from the 1890s. The violence is quite intense, with you being able to kill citizens and lawmen alike, alongside other gangsters (there can be quite epic gang shootouts). It also shows people getting killed in slow motion as blood gushes out of their wounds. Also, most of the time, there's hordes of blood