 left when you shoot someone. Sex? Not too much. It does show characters bathing, though never shows sensitive parts. There may be some references, but there isn't much nudity. Swearing? It's quite far from as frequent as GTA5, though there is still uses of "sh-t", "f-ck" and "n-gger" and other such used at that time. Drinking, drugs and smoking? Yes. You can drink and smoke various things. You can also even get blurry vision or pass out from drinking. There's this one Dutch mission I played where I got drunk and it kind of got funny as to how drunk I was. Consumerism? None, except that the first Red Dead Redemption was very successful, and the one before that? It's a PS2 game. No need to worry. Role models and messages? Arthur's a more likeable character, for even though he does bad things, he recognizes what he's done and feels guilt for it, and will have a hard time choosing between his gang and doing the right thing. Messages? Nah. It altogether glamorizes the outlaw life and gives you rewards for getting away with crime, like GTA does. Ease of play? If your familiar with GTA, then you'll most likely get the hang of this. The controls are very similar, and the driving, in my opinion, is easier. So yeah, quite nice. What's it about? The story mode is a prequel to the first RDR, revolving around John Marston's gang, and you controlling Arthur. It takes place in the Old West in 1899, with the Wild West coming to an end. After a bank robbery goes badly, the gang must flee from their town and fight for their survival. The Online Mode is like GTA5's, though worse. It allows you to create your character and go on missions and explore the massive open world RDR2 presents to you. Yes, it is brilliant not only in my opinion, but it ups everything in gaming. It's super realistic, with practically nothing you can't do! Sometimes it can feel a little "too" realistic though it's amazing. The story's awesome, though Online's sorta flawed. I recommend it for ages 16+. I mean, I can see why Common Sense says 18+, but to think it should only be played by adults is nonsense, because there's a hell load more mature stuff out there. Thanks!
RDR2 is a great game to play. There is a ton of swearing in the game. I've never heard the n word so far. There is an Irish man that says the f word once or twice but besides that it's mainly S**t, b**ch, and damn. There is a lot of smoking in the game. In almost every cutscene someone is smoking. But remember that it's 1899. There is one mission where you get drunk and the screen spins a bunch. This game is for kids 15 and up
I dont like kids
There is violence, sex, smoking, alcohol, but here is the catch. The game features many violent scenes with decapitation and dismemberment,