 but if your kid is mature enough they can handle hit. The game also has a lot of good role models, such as the main character trying to do whats right for his friends. He makes many sacrifices for his gang and his friends. There is one sex scene in the game, but it's your choice to do. In one mission you're in a saloon and if you walk into to one of the rooms you will see a brief glimpse of a couple having sex. The child should be used to to swearing it happens a lot at school. Overall if your child is mature they should be able to handle it.
the best game ive ever plaed now its got great messages great role models there is a in game thing called dead eye makes the game super easy the most violent thing you can do in the game is blow someones head and limbs off with explosives and shot guns the only thing that could fall under the sex category is when you get a bath nothing is shown but when he leaves the bath you can see his butt for like 3 seconds you have to go get debts from people you CAN drink bourbon rum so on and you CAN smoke cigs and cigars there is drugs mainly cocaine and it is accurate it was legal and common (its mainly optional)
honestly this one if not THE best game I have ever played and I recommend it to anyone who has a love of amazing graphics wonderful gameplay and an all around great story so if any of what I just said interests you I recommend it but you should be aware that there is a lot of violence/blood and gore also there is drinking and smoking and a lot of swearing also having played the whole game I can tell you THERE IS NO NUDITY also
This game missing super appropriate option, so Call of Duty Black Ops 4 has a super appropriate option. Still inappropriate for under 17 years old.
Hi, I think this game is okay for a mature 13 year old because the content is not as bad as you may think. I have beaten the main story and have beaten the epilogue so I know what I’m talking about. The violence in this game is pretty tame compared to games such as doom or fallout. This game is made by the same people who made grand theft auto yet is much more appropriate for teens. There is no human nudity and the sexual content is a part of the game where there is a male on top of a man. No nudity is shown and you don’t have to go into that room. It’s in the mission with Lenny in the bar. The bad language consists of “f*ck, sh*t, bi*tch, bastered. The n word is used once. The drinking and drugs in this game is to be expected saying it’s a western. You can