 get drunk but you do not have to. Smoking will restore dead eye. The games story is magnificent and it would be a shame for someone to miss out on it because of the (In my opinion) inaccuracte rating. The game is quite mild for a mature game. If you let your kids watch westerns, this game will be fine got them. Thank you for reading my review and I hope this helped you decide.
This game has few qualities to justify an "M" rating. Sure, there is a lot of violence, some sexual references, alcohol, and cigarettes, but the main character, Arthur Morgan, is trying to redeem himself for all of the wrong he has done. One can choose to be honorable or dishonorable, but the canonical option is probably the former, shown by the way Arthur Morgan starts acting later in the game. There is very little cursing in this game, only spoken by a couple of people prominently.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a good game with an entertaining plot. You play as Arthur Morgan, an anti-hero who tries to help out his gang with running away from the dangerous life they live in. They often rob and make enemies with rich people of the city. Arthur and his gang usually need to flee the city after a bank robbery or mission that would raise their bounty high. As far as sex is concern, a single scene exists where you can see a couple having sex. The scene isn't necessary to watch, and also can be avoided. Arthur and Dutch may be considered role models for their heroic actions for the gang. The problem is his heroic actions usually consist of robbing banks. A message that could be taken from RDR2 is to do whatever it takes to help out your family. The controls are difficult to use at first, but gradually, it becomes second nature. Aiming is easy, and auto-aim is on. Swearing is bad; sh*t is said occasionally, while f*ck is a little less common. A black man refers to himself as a n***er, and that is said only once in the entire game. Smoking and Alcohol: Cigars and cigarettes can be bought and smoked, and alcohol can also be consumed. 2 (if I remember correctly) scenes exist where Arthur gets drunk in the story. Arthur can get drunk if he consumes a large amount of alcohol. One city is owned by a man who is greedy and sets up the gang to kill them. He also owns a black market type of business.
Yes 12 may seem young but this is pretty much America's history. There isn't much sex in the game I bet your child watches porn all the time. Alcohol and Cigs and cussing is everywhere in todays society
It is excellent. Amazingly acted characters and great storyline. There is a lot of violence Heads can be shot off and lots of shooting Stabbing and lassos. Smoking lots and drinking. There is a gum called cocaine