 good game for back in time
Good
Good game and and fun but mature content
Fine for 9 and up
It's over exaggerated
Okay for anyone
Much more appropriate than other Rockstar Games titles
Perfect for a 13 Year Old with Maturity
Overthinking parents please read this.. You need this
what the age shood be
Best game of 2018! In many's opinion.
Not that bad
3 uses On F**k And more
Great game!!
Amazing game with mature themes and content
Red dead 2
Very good, but on the mature side.
My new favorite and the best game I've ever played.
Red Dead 2 is amazing.
why you should play it
There are a lot of games kids are exposed to like, violent/inappropriate. But, the game Red Dead Redemption 2. This game focuses on the old western times for example, cowboys, indians, sherif’s, gun fights, etc. in Red Dead Redemption 2 you are a cowboy and do all that action and can also learn about different tribes. There is no sex/nudity, however there are prostitutes and you can get your arms, legs and back scrubbed. The smoking/alcohol is not as bad as you may think, there is characters that smoke cigarettes and cigars. On the other hand there is a mission where you drink until your drunk. Players can also buy candy called “cocaine gum” which has stimulating effects. For consumerism you may buy gold bars for real world money which allowing players to buy upgrades. The language is words like the “f” bomb, “s” bomb, and because of the racist times the “n” word. Now, the violence is another thing you may be worried about, for example there is lims and gore flying everywhere, I know what your thinking, “why the hell would I want to let my kid play this game?” good question, this takes you back in time to a time where everyone was allowed to smoke in bars, no rodes and especially gun fights with the shariff. Now if you want your kid to know what real life is like, then let them be exposed to it.
I think Common Sense Media should stop looking at the ESRB rating and actually do some research. You say you have "experts" but that is very hard to believe.
This game is based on cowboys. There is nudity when Arthur (the main character) is taking a bath, nothing is shown. There is also language like s**t f**k and more. Overall, great game but for adults
For kids, this has no sex/nudity, the only inappropriate time does not even occur in the main story, it’s only if you go to a hotel and get a deluxe bath where a clothed woman washes your legs, which there isn’t even a point doing, a little bit of language but nothing like gta, and there is only some characters that swear, most do not.
This game is great though there is swearing and violence but if your mature you can handle it. There is a reason to be good if you kill more people you lose honor the worse your honor is the harder it is to play