 the game due to increased prices. The nudity is just, horse genitalia. It really is a awesome game and, if you think your kid is mature enough this game is for them. The gang members due help each other out in tough situations in most parts of the game you can gain honor by helping people out.
This game is okay. Sure, there is lots of blood and gore but you can let your toddler see that as long as you trust them. BTW this is sitire I think its more like 12+
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a great game. In some parts it can get a little gory and violent but, nothing too bad happens. If your child plays Call of Duty and is mature enough to understand that you should never commit any bad actions that you can in do in game in real life then this game should be fine. You can smoke, eat cocaine gum, and get drunk. There is not much sexual content or nudity which is surprising due to it being made the same company as GTA. Overall this is a great cowboy game that should be fine for anyone about 11 or up.
Red Dead Redemption II is appropriate for a 13 year old with enough maturity to handle the intense situations. The game does feature violence and frequent swearing but if your teen has the maturity to handle it there would be no need to worry. Additionally, players will have a choice to be a honorable outlaw, helping out local citizens. The game promotes teamwork, love, and loyalty. In conclusion, Red Dead Redemption II would be a suitable fit for your teen!
This game is one of the best console games in the 21st century. Great grafics. Great gameplay. Great story. There isn't "TOO MUCH VIOLENCE" IT'S GAME. If u play Fifa it doesn't make you a professional football player. If you play Batman it doesn't make u a superhero. Why would this make you a drug abusser, a killer, a robber....... THE BEST F**** GAME.. there is literally no sex in this game. Overexagerated Pricks. If you think that the impersonation of women is bad. It's because the game is set in the late 1800, that's how it was. There is no sex scenes. No available prostitution. There are scenes with domestic violence but they are there so you can save them.
graet game a little violence
I love this game. Not just as a video game, but also as a movie. Everything about it is great. Sure it may be a little violent but its around the same as pg 13 movies. The idea that the minimum age to enjoy this masterpiece is 18+ is laughably crazy. Another great thing is that this game has good diversity and female representation like never before in a Rockstar game. The reviewer says crazy things that I don't even think he believes that, but put that so he could keep his job. Play this game and have fun