 with it and let the experience change you for the better.
I am a kid that has played the game for about 4 hours and I Can say it is not that bad. There is no sexual content and no drugs. Violence can be avoided by using revolvers.
its rated m
Ok this game is great, but for some reason a lot of the reviews are saying this game is for 10+ its not. The games violence is the biggest factor. When you shoot someone a bloody hole will appear where they were hit. Bladed weapons will cause large gashes on characters. And larger weapons like shotguns, heavy rifles and explosions will tear limbs off and completely remove chatterers heads in a very gory fashion. While this is all optional there is violence that will happen during the story. SPOILERS. A decapitated man rides into your camp holding his severed head (he was killed by a rival gang and they are attacking your camp). In another cut scene one of your friends gets shot in the head and part of his head comes off. In a very intense scene you witness an enemy gang leader being hung while his followers are killed. And finally a dead body is seen after being mauled by a bear its chest is opened and its face is completely destroyed. There is more violence in the story but those are the moments that stood out. Side missions also had violence in arguably the most violent part of the game dead bodies can be found hung up on trees and train tracks cut in half with body parts and intestines lying around under the body there will also be a severed head next to the body with a scroll in its mouth if you find all the bodies and scrolls you will be able to track down the killer and find his lair with all sorts of mutilated bodies. The area of the map called tall trees LITERALLY has dead bodies hanging from every tree. There will be completely naked bodies with their genitals cut off in some of the camps. The language inst that bad just the regular shit bitch goddamn there is a few instances of fuck and one n-word I don't know why people say their isn't but there is. There is also alcohol and sexuality saloons will have prostitutes who will offer to have sex with you you cannot accept. However there is a mission where you will have to get drunk and you see people having sex overall it isn't that bad. The game isn't for kids. I often found myself grossed out and disturbed by the violence. However anyone above 15 and maybe 14 should be able to handle it. This is without a doubt the best game i've ever played its story rivals many westerns and I would say combined with the first game the full story of both is the best western tale ever told. The charterers aren't perfect but they