 try their best especially toward the end and that's why they are the perfect protagonists. The game inst meant to be played by kids or teenagers so keep that in mind. Most of the reviews here are made by kids who either didn't play very far into the game or don't understand what their saying this is arguably one of the most graphic and violent games ever made https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUAAVuF5PPI
An excellent game of survival and missions where players can roam a huge map completing missions and objectives to gain money and get other items. I would recommend that you allow kids over the age of 12 to play the game due to the amount of blood and violence. However be lenient as blood can be turned off in the settings! Thanks.
I think that this game is for 13 year olds and up, unless your child is a mature 11-12 year old. It is probably not suited at all for ages 10 and under. There is quite a bit of swearing and alcohol/drugs in this game, but no human nudity. The closest thing to nudity is horse genetallia. You can also skin animals, just like hunting in real life. However, if you are an animal lover, I would not recommend this.
This is the greatest game I've ever played. It has so much detail, so much to do, so much fun, it is amazing all in all. But not for kids. It isn't as bad as the GTA series, but still rather bad. You're weapons range from knifes to dynamite. You can kill animals and humans alike. Rifles and pistols leave bloody bullet wounds. Knifes leave stab wounds. Shotguns and dynamite can be used to blow off limbs and even cause heads to explode in gory and realistic fashion. You can use Gatling guns with similar results. You can beat people to death. You can hogtie people and throw them into fires/off cliffs or feed them to animals. You can run people over with horses or trains. You can witness events such as public hangings and amputation of limbs. But killing humans is usually optional, unless you're doing a mission where you have too, and if that happens they're either criminals or you're defending yourself or your friends. Most violence is much different from a Call of Duty WWII, but that game is the most graphic of the series. You can hunt and skin animals. You can find scenes of torture and death. I've seen one of a guy hanging from the bottom of rail tracks torn in half with intestines hanging out and lots of carnage of the ground below, along with his head severed pinned to the log with a note in his mouth. You do have the option to rob stores, banks, trains, and people. Some women are depicted as prostitutes, but no actual sex is seen. Some cleavage. Lots of swearing. F*ck, sh*t, [email protected]@rd, @$$, [email protected], hell are used frequently. Use of the N-word given the time