 this takes place in. You can get drunk, smoke cigarettes/cigars, and chew cocaine gum. You can buy gold for the online edition with real money. You can help people in the game or kill them. You can talk to strangers in the online mode. This is the greatest game I've ever played and highly recommend for mature teens and up.
Rockstar really outdid themselves this time. This game was really worth the eight year wait. but the game is way too graphic for kids.
I have played this game. This story is very good and made me cry in some parts and I cried hard and laugh in scenes so hard around the game. It's wild west and you can learn about life at this time. the game is super realistic and the npcs act like real humans. Their are moments where Arthur and other characters talk about the good of life. Expect money and smoking and violence. The game is a beauty . It teaches about animals and plants and has over 300 Easter eggs and references and interesting stuff. I have been playing rated m games since 2012 and now i'm in 7th grade. People that talk trash about these games are idiots and missing out. Forget fortnite. People only say shit and damn and other stuff. Yes Micha can be racist but the people he is racist to beat the crap out of him.
Fantastic game about the aspects of a dying west
BUY THIS NOW!!!
Great for ages 9 and up.
16 and up
Includes mild sexual content, violence, bad language, alcohol and drugs.
Amazing game, strong themes...
Mature Teens. 14+
Get this game.
Amazing game, but with very dark themes.
Best game ever. GOTY
Lit
A Full Review
AWESOME GAMING EXPIERIENCE!
Not For Kids Who Arent 14 And Up, And Dont Know Right From Wrong, And Finally Will Repeat The Stuff In The Game
Great game for mature teens
Great game or non phsycopathic kids
Honestly an insanely immersive game here. There is a tiny bit of nudity, but not that much honestly. Bit gory, but the incredible story and the fantastic world is unparalleled.
This game is amazing on so many levels. You would love this game if you like a good story. The only things you would possibly need to worry about is blood and gore (which is hard to notice) and language (if it bothers you). Even though some of the reasons why this game is rated M is because of sexual content, nudity and drug use, there is no nudity in the game and at all and there is very infrequent sex talk/jokes which is easy to miss and the only drug use is characters smoking which wouldn’t not be expected because it is a western game.
I'm surprised that the game is rated 18+.
All there really is excessive swearing.
Although I do think that kids 13+ will be fine to play this game, I think it is more suited for audience who are 16+, as there are a lot of factors that would not be good for younger audience such as the