 sexual content, drugs and more. However, I don't think the game is that bad. Also the game is very expensive.
Being a Rockstar game, RDR2 is obviously not for kids, that being said, your child isn't going to hear anything worse in this game than they do at school every day. In fact, throughout the entire story, I only heard the n-word once. There is plenty of profanity, but everybody knows the swear words, they're not scary. The character you play as, Arthur Morgan, is an outlaw, and you do horrible things in almost every mission, but I don't think he's a bad role model. Morgan regrets everything he does wrong and feels empathy for the people he's hurt. If you choose to look in a mirror, Arthur will make a comment about how he hates himself. There is only one mission with nudity in it, and most people probably don't even notice it because you have to go to a specific location to find it. Other than that the only nudity is animal genitals, which are hard to see. The only thing I dislike about the game is that it starts out so slow and repetitive, although it picks up once you get to chapter 3. There is nothing too scary, except a few of the gangs in the game do some messed up stuff and it can be creepy. This game surprised and impressed me with its maturity. GTA V was chock-full of unnecessarily inappropriate moments and even the original Red Dead had some of those moments, but RDR2 has a perfect balance of serious story-telling and funny moments.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is an amazing game...For Teens+...Violence: Realistic Blood Spurts, knife founds and when the player uses a shotgun they can remove heads, limbs etc... Language: Not as much swearing as other games...Mostly Cowboy slang. Drugs/Alcohol: Your character can go in a saloon and drink beer and whiskey and get drunk. You can also smoke cigarettes. Sex: There are 2 scenes in a saloon where there is a couple having sex and the woman turns at you and you can see her breasts fully exposed and part of her buttocks. There is a naked man hanging in a barn with only his buttocks exposed. Overall not for kids...AT ALL...
This is a really good game i have never played the first one but i know the story of the first one.It is one of the best games i have played
This is a amazing game. It has a lot of swearing, but I think your child will understand not to use that language. It was some drinking, you can go to a bar, smoke cigarettes, cocaine gum, and bunch of alcoholic. Really no sexual stuff. You should get this game for your child or someone else. AND YOU CAN GET HONOR FOR KILLING KKK MEMBERS!!!!!
I've seen a lot of reviews on here that are pretty blatantly untrue. I have played over 70 hours in this game, and have finished the whole