 not familiar with blood and gore under the age of 15.
very hard to play
amazing
Good game
Great game
awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!
great
This game is a favourite of mine being a hockey fan, the game is good for 6yr olds my, brother had a little learning the controls
It's fights are way overrated, you can turn them off and body checking is part of the sport. Don't under stand 10+ the only reason I said 3+ is because 3 year olds wouldn't be big enough to hold th controller. Good for anyone who likes hockey!
probably one of the better nhl games I have played. The first version i played was NHL 12 which was not bad but then I got NHL15 and it was a complete dumpster fire and I decided to give 19 a chance and it was everything I had hoped for and more. good gameplay more modes then any other NHL game and new pond feature. the only problem is the referring is wild they call the slightest trip but no goalie interference? Hopefully it will be fixed in the next installment.
It has no violence
it is very fun
amazing game but a bit violent.
Fun web-slinging action.
Good for mature 11 year olds
Absolutely AMAZING!
The (Amazing) Spider-Man
Greatest marvel game!!!
This Game is still Great, but it does not Deserve the Amout of Praise it gets.
marvels spider man game of the year edition review
BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!
It’s not as bad as the 16+ rating. *spoiler free*
BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED (other than red dead)
So Incredibly Fun
An Amazing and Spectacular game starring the Classic Wall-Crawler
Minimum age: 8 and Ideal age: 13
Mixed Feelings
Best PS4 game ever
Great game, absolutely should not be a 16
Nice Marvel Game
Some of the best spider-man content ever.
there are a few violent scenes but the graphics and storytelling of the game are amazing. a few of these violent scenes include the city hall bombing, the attack on grand central station and the end scene on the roof of oscorp tower. there are a few drug refrences but not many. the game is easy to play and gradually gets harder as the game progresses.
(SPOILERS) Swearing consists of d*mn, b*tch, and a few others, but nothing too bad. Spider-Man may be seen as a role model for the city due to his actions, but others disagree (in-game). Violence is mild, and while Spider-Man (as said in lore) doesn't kill, a part of the story involves a police officer (who was one of the main characters dads) is bombed during his speech. He dies, and his funeral is shown on screen, but nothing else. No blood or gore.
First of all this is a spectacular game. There is pretty mild cursing such as a** h*l* and d*m* with s*** appearing around twice. In certain mission you have to stop drug dealers and there is VERY mild sexual innuendo that I sometimes didn't even notice my first time around. The most mature factor is probably the violence. There is nothing in this game that an 11 year old couldn't handle.
I really have