 Fantastic Game, but hard to master
Particularly Dope
Easy Controlls
Crash Team Racing reaches the Finish Line in a great way.
Extremely fun but has a steep learning curve
Crash Team racing looks insane on PS4!
The only scary thing is Nina's Nightmare.
This game is a great game loaded with content, and is good for all ages. This game could be difficult for some, it takes time to get good and master the controls Young children would have trouble controlling this game as it's more of a skill based game (unlike Mario cart) You can play online races as well
This game is fantastic. It’s not like Mario kart as in there are very complicated rules and such in the game that make playing the game interesting. It revolves around having a drift mechanic with reserves. The controls feel great, as they are super responsive and don’t feel like a chore. You can have fun with this game at all ages. If you have younger kids or kids who don’t understand the mechanic, stay away from online. Otherwise, a fantastic game. People who love competitive games and kart racers will love this game. A must for any crash fan.
A great game but players may use a lot of weapons that shocks me a lot and the characters have no way to get hurt
A very good game I 100% disagree with this being rated 10 and up because there isn't much violence in this
Crash Team Racing Nitro-Fueled is a very decent game. although it is hard to play once you pick it up, you will learn with the Adventure Mode, where you are able to learn how the game works and all that. Online Servers will have Voice Chat in certain Video Game Consoles, for example, you aren't able to chat in the Nintendo Switch Version of the game, which I play on. In conclusion, i honestly think that CTR: Nitro-Fueled is a good game, and is recommended for kids ages 10+
Crash Team Racing isn’t your average Mario Kart wannabe, it’s great it’s its own way with unique features and has a lot of personality. However, it is more difficult than Mario Kart and I recommend having intermediate gaming skill if you want to really become good at this game. The game has a single player adventure mode, online functionality where you race other players, and also local split screen with up to 4 players. There are also no microtransactions and the game receives free content updates so there’s always something new. A very fun and refreshing experience!
Crash Team Racing is a high adrenaline, fast paced combat racing game, that was originally released on PS1. Violence is frequent but mild(although delivered in higher quality). Combat Racing games usually have cartoonish violence, this is no different. You pick up weapons mid race and take out your opponents and cartoony fashion(TNT, and other mild weapons). Vehicles spin out, flip over and fall off track.
Extremely fun, dumb, arcade, action shooter
Not even that bad
one of the best 2d shooters
Best Indie Game Ever
Ahahhahahahahah
Gory