 main story, so take it from me when I say this game is very violent/gory. Heads can be blown off with shotguns, as can arms and legs. When shot, blood will continuously pour out of NPCs wounds until they bleed out. Aftermaths of murders and mauling at the hands of animals can be found littering the map, entrails, limbs and corpses. On the surface when playing this, it seems pretty averagely violent/dark, but the plot gets pretty twisted pretty quick. Though I don't consider it much of a problem, drugs and alcohol are also quite prevalent, getting drunk is required in several quests, and consumable items that boost your stats include chewing tobacco, alcohol and cigarettes. Characters also frequently swear. This game is (in my opinion) unfairly criticized for sexual content. It can be crood at times, with it's fair share of risque songs sung by NPCs around camp and the like, and a drawing of a naked woman being gifted to you by an artist. You can pay to have a woman bathe you at inns, but nothing is explicitly shown. That's really as far as this game goes with sex. Hints and implications. Beyond the mature content, this is really a masterpiece. If your kid isn't too iffy with gore, I couldn't recommend this enough. It's meaningful, thoughtful, and subtle where other games are in your face and obnoxious. The world is deep, it lives and breathes. You can uncover mysteries and explore the seemingly endless wilderness. Also you can pet dogs. TLDR: RDR2 is a masterpiece of gaming, with brilliant writing, stunning graphics, and dark themes- but parents be warned, it can be extremely violent and gory, and contains heavy swearing and use of drugs/alcohol. If you have a mature kid you should be fine. I would not recommend this to kids under twelve, and thirteen could be iffy, but it should be fine. If you aren't going to get this game for your kids, take my advice and just get it for yourself. You won't regret it.
Obviously review is wrong age but this doesn't deserve 18
I played red dead redemption 1 like. . . five years after release? My parents had beat it 100% and the only weapons I was aloud to use were the lasso and knife. all i could do was ride around helping people. And it was GREAT. Red Dead Redemption 2 is so much more. I spent an insane amount of time just riding around. The graphics are so beautiful, that sometimes I just look at the scenery. And you can take pictures. I started quests like 10 hours in the game and like 20 hours in I got an Arabian. (The best breed of horse) It felt like such an accomplishment! All the quests I've done are appropriate, if you're alright with killing people of course. There are 2 quests that you might think are a little to much for your kid though. 1. You take some girls to a town