 called Valentine because they are bored. One girl is in the hotel and you walk in a room to find a guy standing over her. She's not nude or anything, outside the hotel I'm pretty sure she tells you he hit her? Don't quite remember. 2. At the end of this quest, "We loved once and true" a boy tries to kill himself. I don't know how gruesome it is, because my parents did it for me, but you try to shoot the gun out of his hand. If you fail... well... The game really encourages you to be good. It's a lot of management, but, say, you kill someone. you will lose honour, and even if you pay the bounty, people will treat you harshly in the street, saying stuff like, "We don't need you to cause any more trouble." Wearing bandanna's in town or having your gun out causes people to be uneasy. Sorry this was so long! Please let your child do the quests as they're SO important to the story! oh and if YOU played rdr1 and didn't let your kids, explain what happens so rdr2 makes more sense. John and Jack Marston are in the game. And it explains how John got his scars. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE play this game! It's beautiful and detailed and just so much fun! ugh. Anyway, bye (You can get drunk in the game. Takes A LOT of boos though. one quest he does get drunk, but it's hilarious, he starts hallucinating his friend everywhere. F word is mentioned, Sh** word more often. but for good reason. Falling off a cliff and your horse has died? Yep you'll hear a Sh**)
Red Dead 2 is hard to review thanks to the fact that it's SO. BIG. There's so much stuff in this game I really think it was impossible for it to get a perfect rating out of me because to keep up consistent quality throughout this sixty hour behemoth of a game would be a feat of video game making genius heretofore unheard of. That being said, the amount of quality that it DOES manage to spread across the whole game is frankly stunning, and it is more than worth its price tag. Technical aspects such as graphics (jaw dropping) gameplay (hugely satisfying) and sound design (immersive) are nothing less than stellar. The world is fully realized, the animations are (mostly) seamless, and Rockstar made the very smart move of peppering the roads with random encounters to keep long horse rides from getting boring. However not every aspect of the technology is revolutionary. A couple of the new systems are annoying, especially the food one wherein you must watch your weight by eating regularly but there's no way of telling when Arthur is hungry, so you're forced to just guess and randomly eat stuff in the hopes it'll all balance out. The story dips in quality in chapter five, and the epilogue is quite simply boring. All of these issues,