 though, are blown out of the water by the bulk of the story. Character development is methodical and beautiful, the tale of loneliness, morality, and loyalty is expertly woven. The characters are vibrant and complex, and you will be on the edge of your seat, even through the less than stellar parts you'll be compelled to keep playing just to see what happens. Honestly, there's so much more to talk about in this game because it's so big: the sidequests, themes, combat, traversal, clothing, there's so much stuff one review could never encapsulate all that this game is so I've tried to keep it down to what really stood out to me as good and bad. The language is a little rough and there's some innuendo, but the violence is surprisingly tame. There's blood, sure, but nothing graphic (unless you shoot someone in the head with a shotgun), to be honest, if anything's going to keep younger teens to tweens from playing it it would be the themes, which are heavy and dark. Even aside from that there is still stuff to love in this game, it's got a little something for everyone and is well worth your time thanks to its technical and storytelling successes that outweigh their failures.
Its an awesome old west game, the story is amazing it has some brutality but it aint that bad. Graphics are awesome too. I personnaly played it and i can say 100% its for kids of 9 years or above SORRY FOR BAD ENGLISH
IS A Very Mature Game But Fun And Thrilling.
Read dead redemption 2 should not be put in the same category as gta v. The only thing it should be rated m for the language and thats it. And its no different than some pg 13 movies i watch. If there was a rating in between T and M, this game would be what that is. As for the violence, its not that bad unless you go searching for it. If u just play the game normally its totally fine. Also a lot of people say how you can kill innocent people but its not glorified in any way and you get punished for it, unlike gta. The only "sexual content" is a clothed woman scrubbing you if you pay extra for a deluxe bath, but its not sexual at all and its optional. As for nudity you can see horse testicles and there might be male nudity but in a non sexual way. Again, its no worse than what you see in movies and the best part is, all of these things are optional. So i think that 15 is a good age for this game.
The game has large amounts of violence with arms legs and head being dismembered from shotguns and high powered rifles there isnt very much sex but prostitues can be seen
It is great u should get it