 amount of depth. The ships are satisfyingly maneuverable and familiar for Star Fox fans and the various weapons interesting to experiment with, along with some speed and thrusting capabilities that are satisfying and efficient in covering more ground. Be prepared to go on side quests and farming exspeditions at times with many traveling departures that take some chunks of time to get through but can be fast traveled later. Although i have seen and been old these toys are DOA and not selling hardly at all, the game itself to me is somewhat of a pacifier. I wouldn't have dropped 60 bucks on it if I had it to do over as i think its actual worth is about 40, but for those who have longed for a good action space exploration game especially a Star Fox one. This is probably the best you are going to get for a long while.
Good game
supeer cool this fireboy and watergirl online on hudgames is so good because i play this game all with my sister
It’s changed for the better
Although Ubisoft has allowed people to turn off BOTH blood and gore, it’s still unsuitable for younger children. Just like any multiplayer game, there’s going to be people harassing others. I recommend your child to have a firm grasp of reality. If your child loves fantasy, medieval tales, or anything in between, go for it! Just have the thought in your mind that your child is going to play online, and monitor on them every once in a while.
Awesome fun action packed game
Great game!
Too many issues
The game is really fun and entertaining after I created Rookie (Your custom characters) I instantly clicked having my own Scarlett Speedster the epic cast of characters like Joker, Nitghwing, Batgirl, Reverse Flash and Deathstroke are just some of the great characters in the game no to much violences no swearing now with sexy stuff is were it comes in but not to much Nitghwing and Batgirl flirt and romantic tension is absolutely there but again not to much Harley and Joker Kiss Killer Frost holds your character's hand in non sexual way Catwoman makes a sexual joke about Batman they also flirt and Nitghwing falls on top of Batgirl in cutscene young players will not get the sexual reference. Also LGBTG or whatever people are present but not in story and there sexaulty us not present so there no way to tell if you don't know.Over all approite for all ages
My entire family enjoys playing this game. There are some weapons used, but most of the material in this game is well thought out by the developers to be cartoonish safe fun for fairly young audiences. The levels can be challenging, but a child can figure them out with enough practice. I would encourage parents to play this with their kids as it can be a fun bonding experience talking about the history of the characters as well as the story as it develops.
Did they test this game?