 We have found so many issues, characters get stuck in places, you get locked out, characters lock. So much fun but not up to the usual high quality of these games...
Decent
Easy game to play and great for kids.
not as bad as it seems
12+
Fine for teens
Its good for teens
Suitable for 12 and up
Based on your child
Amazing
Listen
Get your kid this game!
Amazing game
Probably the worst in the franchise but fine for kids 10 and up very small blood and that’s about it
Same game every year
Okay fame has action, brief language.
Worse COD game in the World!
An epic game that can be for anyone just needs the right setting
Perfect game
Great game! Watch for flying legs!
Really not that bad
Really not that bad
This game seems like it should not be 18+. All of the gore settings and profanity can be turned off in settings. I bought it for my 10 year old and it did not seem as serious of a military shooter as it advertises.
I think Cod Bo4 is a great game. A lot of parents don’t understand that you can turn off blood and gore. My children are allowed to play but have to have blood turned off and they can’t play zombies. If you turn off the blood it’s isn’t really bad. Most parents just don’t like to admit they’re child has grown up and play games like this. The rule for my children is when they turn 12 they can play. I say give it a shot, it isn’t as bad as people think. This website makes it look horrible but honestly it isn’t even that bad. I mean every kid needs freedom and needs to find out what they like. I say give it a shot. It really isn’t that bad and the trailer is worse because they are trying to sell the game. Also this game has no campaign which has the curse words. Zombies also has curse words but that’s why my children can’t play zombies.
I think that this game is fine for anyone 14 and up. Definitely not for kids under that, though. The game settings allow you to turn off blood and gore, as my 14 year old showed me, but it is still very violent for immature kids. I also will still not let my kid play zombies, i have watched videos and it looks very intensely violent and gory. I trust my kid with a lot of things but will only let him play Blackout and Multiplayer, definitely no zombies for anyone under at least 16. The game also has lots of bad language but i'm sure that unless you are offended by bad language then it would be fine for 14+. Thanks for reading my opinion!!! I hope it helped.
It is not as violent as the reviews say. You can turn of blood gore and language. As long as that is turned off it is no worse than any PG-13 movie. If you are still wary about this game I would suggest watching some one