 play it. Make sure you watch somebody with blood and language off if you want your kid to have those toggled off.
This game is suitable for ages 12 and up my 13 year old asked me to get this game for him reluctantly i said yes i saw the 18 on the cover and thought it would be to violent. I played the game myself and i seriously rate this game an 18 it is more like a 16, 13 at a push.
I think that this game is fine for teenagers, however if your child is rude or aggressive I think that your kid should wait for this game. You can turn off all of the blood and gore which also blocks out all of the swearing. With this mode on it is a Teen rated game and it just depends on whether your kid is mature enough for this game. It is all about if your kid is able to handle this game without becoming immature.
This game pretty much anyone can play,because of the setting to turn off blood
This game is one I am sure a lot of parents are worried about. I have 3 children so trust me when I say this I can “relate” my son mak is 14 and was desperately wanting this game. Obviously I said no, however my wife allowed him, I just want to say I watch him play the game I will will give it too my wife I wish I had this game I just want to let you know blood,gore and swearing can be turned off, this means to me that the game is about a 14-16 still not his age range but it’s a great game and I find he hasn’t changed unlike he did with “fort night” let your children have the game only if their above 12 it’s good and I like it
At first I thought that this game would be absolutely horrible and would not let my son get it. However he pleaded and at last i relented and since then I have realised that it is a fun and slightly unrealistic game. He had played it with his friends and has had a blast
My son wanted the game, At first I wasnt having it my son kept on nagging i kept on saying no, no, no. He then bought this game behind my back I was watching him play it was while he was playing it I releasized that he got the game. It didnt look that bad I let him keep the game as it wasnt bad i Would definitely recommend getting this game as it wasnt bad at all, all the critics are way to critical as you can just turn off graphic content.
I am a professional PEGI reviewer and rate games on common sense media.org. I noticed that commonsense media consists of many fake parent reviews and I want to start a movement for change. Please check my reviews on popular games,