 for trustworthy and informative reviews. This game is just like any other call of duty game. Same game every year. There is frequent profanity throughout including f**k, s**t, hell, damn, b*tch, and bastard. language is 8/10. Violence is constant, gore can be turned off. All shots result in some blood and RARELY dismemberment. Blood can barely be seen from far.(sometimes it can't) This game as always will get a 13+. Show less
If Black Ops 4 where a film, it would have several different ratings, and here they are: Multiplayer Graphic Content On - R for intense war action violence throughout and some language. Multiplayer Graphic Content Off - PG-13 for intense war action. Specialist HQ Story - R for graphic violence, language and disturbing images. Zombies - R for gory monster violence throughout, language, and bloody images. Zombies Cartoon Mode - PG-13 for zombie violence throughout, a brief sequence of gory slasher violence and frightening images and terror. Blackout: PG-13 for intense violence Overall Censored Version - PG-13 for for intense war action, zombie violence throughout, a brief sequence of gory slasher violence, frightening images and some terror. Overall Original Version - R for intense sequences of war violence throughout, gory brutal zombie violence and some language.
The game is so bad The graphics are so bad Not good for kids! (Mode doesn’t help) Gameplay is so bad I quit the game! COD bo4 is the worst game in the franchise of BlackOps!
I bought this game recently even tho the more recent Call of Duty is out (modern warfare remastered). Personally being the dad of four kids 3 boys. My youngest boy is 9 and my oldest is 12. I also have an 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl. I have been playing video games since the first doom came out and let me tell you games have changed. Anyway, the game is very easy to get right in and my 11-year-old boy I let him play and he loves it I also made sure that it wasn't too bloody or there wasn't too much swearing and it passed. Yes there is a setting to turn of the blood with I think is good but the blood itself is very minor. For the language, there can be the f word or the S word but you can turn off the dialogue but this isn't anything to bad. I do think that if your child starts saying these words you should ake the game away but personally the game isn't that violent a bit if shooting here and there but nothing an 8 year old can handle. Remeber that the title of M rated isn't really that true the blood isn't that bad also you can turn it off the dialogue can be turned off and the community isn't like other games also most people don't even use the microphones. If u think the game is pointless and stupid it isn't, kids will fight together in teams to outsmart the enemy in