 but silly shooter.
I played this in practically one sitting, it was so good, it’s a little awkward to control but once you get it down you’ll be doing back flips off walls while simultaneously shooting any enmities you see. It’s extremely fun to experiment your “focus” ability where you slow time down to plan out maneuvers, dodge bullets, and shoot at the same time. It is fairly gruesome but the blood can be disabled. I love the game and I let my little brother play a bit (gore off, of course) and he absolutely loved it. The worst thing I saw in the entire game is occasionally, an enemy will have a text box with s—t subtly being displayed but only the eagle eyed will see it.
This game is really fun and injoyable. Although I do recommend that kids 12 and up play because of the blood and some gory images, but you can go to the settings of the game and change it so that there is no blood when you kill someone. Overall it’s a great game that is far worth the price and that I suggest getting!
Its like halo and has no gore
My friend pedro is a great game that is easy to play once you get used to the controls. It has a bit of gore but that can be turned off. It's a kind of crazy game
It has some blood (that can be turned off), Guns, and language but nothing to bad.
I finished this game in a day, and oh my, it was “wonderful” a talking banana, a random guy, and guns. For mature content, I’d like to say there is some language, but it is limited to written S words. Violence is the most prominent, and is surprisingly brutal. You know how there are those movies out there with kid ideas, but are super gory and brutal? This is one of those. You “eradicate” engines with kicks, billets, explosives, pans, basketballs, and skateboards. There is a ton of blood, and fairly frequent gore once you get shotguns, and a Bernard launcher kind of thing. But you can shoot barrels and blow up in chunks. I’m not going to lie this is an insanely enjoyable game, too short. Be warned there is not a great story, but that’s not the point.
My Friend Pedro is like a combination of geometry dash and some shooter game. You are given a pistol to start out with, where you have to shoot bad dudes in a 2d world. GOOD/NEUTRAL - Good story! It’s a very engaging game. - Progressing gives you weapons: along with the dual weld pistols you start out with (infinite ammo), you can pick up uzis, shotguns, snipers, and ar15s, each with limited ammo. It’s fun to be able to choose what weapon is best. BAD: - It’s a bit hard at times. SUMMARY: Fun but gory game. Worth a shot if you’re bored.
You can drown!!??
Pretty good... For the first few days.
Does anybody else notice that