 call of Duty
Amazing storyline
Don't buy this!
Settings - Where are the settings?
Do NOT buy for 6 year old children
The Definitive Guide to the Best Shooter of the Year
Not as bad as people say it is
not to bad
Good... if you know what to do.
Good Game.
My kids love this game
Addicting FPS Game
Suitable for mature kiddos
Black Ops 4 Is not like other Call of Duty's
You can turn off graphic content
You can turn off graphic content
it's great
I live with my brothers and his kids, who play it all the time. My brothers Steve, Josh, and Parker. Parker has five kids who all play it. My daughter often joins in. This game has gave our family something entertaining to do in our apartment.
Its the same garbage they always put out. A copy and paste that Tryearche has been doing for years except they have gotten even lazier in recent games by not bothering with a single player campaign. Granted most of them were bad but when they are so to the point that the company says "maybe we shouldn't bother" and puts the game out for full or double price anyway, should say something to the consumer. Call of duty is a scam franchise. Their major success should be suspect on account of them not doing anything different for years. Some would argue polished experience, others who step back for a minute realize its another stamped out product feeding off their own customer base that they have become complacent with. No story other than go to another country and shoot the brown people until betrayed by our own superiors and then end by being grizzled American super soldier underdog that happens to have a functioning mech suit, tactical bombings on call and infinite resources. You're wasting your money on something that is all song and dance and will be crapped out with regularity next year and the next year as it has done over and over.
I want to turn off the blood and guts on this game but I cannot located the settings.
I let my 6 year old Cornelius play he was absolutely terrified there is blood, gore, swearing, and, zombies in the game. I just pray to god that my wife won’t ever find out that I let Cornelius play Call of Duty.
it is very good because you can disable gore and swearing
Call of Duty: Black ops 4 is the best shooter of the year without question. Not only do the 3 main modes cater to a variety of online players, but Treyarch also came through in providing non- paying players with equally fun and exciting experiences. The multiplayer offers unlimited hours of fun, customization, and strategy, in preparation of finding the best ways to take down skilled opposition. The zombies mode offers 3 sprawling maps to fight the undead on, allowing even skilled veterans of the franchise new ways to battle these fan favorite monsters. And the included Blackout mode is by far the best version of the Battle Royale sensation that so many