 gamers crave. Black Ops 4 is without a doubt an awesome game. This begs the question, is the new Call of Duty okay for your young kids? That's for you to decide. As of now Iv'e played the game for 67 hours. I have seen everything there is to see in this game. Upon being hit in multiplayer or Blackout, a large, dark puff of red blood will appear briefly, and upon every consecutive hit. On some occasions in multiplayer, the arms or legs on targets can and will be torn off by specialist abilities. These include: A bow, a giant revolver, or a large metal projectile stabbed into the ground. The MOG 12(Shotgun) is also capable of completely blowing the legs off of the members of the opposing team. When these instances of dismemberment occur, streams of dark blood spurt out of the afflicted limb. This effect is extremely jarring, even having seen it numerous times. These instances aren't very frequent, but definitely aren't rare by any stretch of the word. It should be noted, too, that in Blackout, gore isn't present, and combat is usually over extreme distances. In zombies, blood is much more frequent, but very brief due to the large groups of zombies attacking the player at any given time, meaning focusing on the blood and gore means certain death. There are no, "Organs flapping out of open wounds." Not sure who decided to say that, but they were clearly attempting to be dramatic. The mitigating factor to all this violence are that aside from some minor language spoken by the drill instructor is specialist HQ, everything a parent could potentially find offensive about this game (Aside from the vanilla bloodless Sci- Fi shoot- outs) is removed completely. The zombies mode even has a cartoon mode that enables cell shading, and makes that particular mode look like a cartoon. Given this information, you may begin to see why my recommended age is 14+. As a 14 year old, I find that turning disabling the mature content makes this game perfect for a teenager. However, it is your decision as a parent, not mine if your child can handle the violence within the game
Take it from someone who plays call of duty everyday after he comes back form work. I honestly think that people criticise this game way too much just because call of duty has releaed some 18+ games like call of duty WWII does not mean this is the same. Believe it or not there is even a setting that allows you to turn off all th blood scenes. Perfect for kids that 12 yrs and above.
I think its a good game
So my 13-year old has been begging me to get him this game, so I did some research. When I was first looking around, I saw that the game was rated M for blood and gore, violence, strong language and drug reference. I was ok with everything but the blood and gore. But it