 turns out that if you go into the game settings, go to interface and go to content filter, there are some settings involving hide blood and gore, zombie cartoon mode (in the zombies mode, zombies are very bloody and gory and usually either explode into a rain of blood or lose limbs. With zombie cartoon mode, however, they become more like fake zombies, and disappear when shot.) and a mature language filter. My son is not allowed to play without these settings on, but with these settings it looks like other teen rated games he has like Fortnite. I'm 51 years old, and I've even been starting to like the game, especially zombies (with the content filter, of course!).
If you turn off the blood gore and swearing then it is fine
My kids love this game ever since they got it and you can turn off profanity, it is fine in my opinion.
Black Ops 4 is a great entry into this franchise, redeeming the series after the disappointment of BO3. Violence-wise, the is puffs of blood when shooting an enemy, and rarely, some gore, but nothing too brutal. If you play some of the characters stories, the cutscenes contain some pretty graphic gore at times, but they can be skipped. Zombies mode is pretty gory, but its a bit cartoonish, so it isn't that bad either. The blood and gore can be turned off, and if zombies is still too intense for you child, there is a cartoon filter. Beside that, there is some occasional f-bombs and sh*ts, but thats it.
If you think your kid is mature enough for a little swearing than it is a perfect game. Most of the cursing is in the “story” which can be chosen not to play and you can turn off the speech of the specialists avoiding all cursing. You can also turn off blood and gore.
I think that this game should be for 12+ because first of all the gore and violence in game should be for 18+ but you can turn of graphic content, which essentialy makes it like a cartoon shooter with no blood, no limbs being severed, no swearing. The game is easily made for 12+ by turning that off. When turned off they cant access the specialist backstory videos if they have gore in them. And the zombies gamemode gore is mostly taken away. This game is really good and is a blast if you are 12+
This game is spectacular but the battle royal could get kind of boring. When the game comes to violence this game has any other shooter games violence. When it comes to drugs their are med kits. When it comes to language their are swears galore and players could swear on chat and could swear over voice chat. Overall this game is pretty good and is fine for children 12 and over.
You can turn off graphic content from the start and rilly is not as bad as it seems. I don't know who rated