 this game but obviously the never played the game and even if they did they didn't play with graphic content off because it is like fortnite
You can turn off graphic content from the start and rilly is not as bad as it seems. I don't know who rated this game but obviously the never played the game and even if they did they didn't play with graphic content off because it is like fortnite
Very appropriate
Great
It's not that bad
Not for children
It's the worst COD
Very poor game
Great game
not as bad as you'd think
How much time do your kids spend gunning for headshots?
Could be a good game, but it's not.
Has a great censor option
It's not bad at all!
Not That Bad
Not so bad
Safe Mode ERROR
BO4 review
This game is fine
LOL 18+ is just not accurate at all
LIT
I think that this game is very appropriate for kids 12+ You can turn off blood and gore. Other games such as tom clancy are more violent beacuse you cannot turn blood and gore off.
I think Cod Bo4 is a great game. A lot of parents don’t understand that you can turn off blood and gore. My children are allowed to play but have to have blood turned off and they can’t play zombies. If you turn off the blood it’s isn’t really bad. Most parents just don’t like to admit they’re child has grown up and play games like this. I say give it a shot, it isn’t as bad as people think. This website makes it look horrible but honestly it isn’t even that bad. I mean every kid needs freedom and needs to find out what they like. I say give it a shot. It really isn’t that bad and the trailer is worse because they are trying to sell the game. Also this game has no campaign which has the curse words.
This game doesn't have any scary scenes and there isn't that much gore, you would just get a blood splash when you hit people and there is not tons of blood when a person dies, It has many fun modes.
I see that a lot of comments here say you can turn off the graphic content, but that does not affect how people talk to your child online or how your children talk to other people. Because this game is largely played online, the online rating is unrated. Please teach your children etiquette with a headset and microphone if you’re allowing them to play.
Honesly it's the worst COD... But hey, if it's your first COD then I guess you will enjoy it!
I think black ops is at a end tbh it’s gone worse to worse best one they made was black ops 1 I would say don’t waste ur money all they want is more money in the game u expect people to sit in zombie games for hours with very little reward money money money that’s all u people want ww2 is a much better game very rewarding with what u do treyarch give