 up poor reviews poor game play poor servers stupid game modes shocking waste of money
This is not as violent as you might think. Buy it for your kids if they really want it.
its not as bad as all the ads would suggest because you can turn off all graphic content in settings like blood cursing and gore.
So, I'm sure this game is just fine just like all the other FPSs out there and sure, you can turn off the gore, that's great! But, ask yourself this: How many hours a week does your kid spend gunning for headshots? So, turning off the blood doesn't mask the fact that your child is getting encouraged to find the biggest gun money can buy and literally just start blowing people away hour after hour day after day. This is not a healthy lifestyle. There are zero positive mesages, zero team skill building exercises and you walk away from the game frustrated and anxious. Get them a Nintendo and play Mario or Zelda. Squishing koopas and saving princesses is a much better life lesson. First person shooters are lame, and have been since DOOM. Time to move on America! Just say no to FPSs!
To cut a long story short, the weapons that require no skill to use are overpowered ( such as the Lmg's), the servers are horrible, the specialist abilities are stupid, they've completely removed Ajax with his big nerf. Truth be told, this call of duty sucks in my opinion.
This game at its core is extremely mature, but if you turn on the mature content filter in the settings the game becomes good for any age. Though you can take out the blood and swearing it is still a game about war and killing, so make sure your child knows that
I think it is not a bad game for children because if you turn off blood and gore it does not look like a mature game anymore!!
These Days Parents Don't Realize That Just Because a Game Is Rated M Doesn't Mean Its Bad. Ratings These Days Are Overdone The Game Has No Cussing No Sex Or Nudity. It Has Blood But You Can Turn It Off. This Game Deserves A T Rating and I think Anyone 10+ Could Play This. Don't Judge A Game By It's Rating Read Reviews By Parents.
It think that it shoud not be +18. I allowed my son to play this at twelve after seen the trailer.
Save mode ERROR!!!!!!
It is an amazing game and I like that you can still t-bag people and its not to expensive.
Having played most of the other call of duty games myself, I know that they are really not that bad. We can't deny that there is violence in the world already and this GAME is not going to make any one extra violent. For example you watch videos on youtube on how to reload and shoot a gun in real life.
Parents should know that this game is rated M for strong language