 This game is awesome
Black Ops 4 Battle Royale
Not as it seems
Great game
real common sense
12 and up Easily
My sisters 8 year old son got this game and I watched him play it. It looks like an exelent game you can turn off blood and language. If you have a child that likes these type of games and is 10+ I would definetly recomend this game to them
I'm Surprised Its Rated M Its Really not bad there is blood but it just looks fake has guns too. I would Say the Only M part is blood
amazing game for my kids to learn
I am familiar with the cod franchise, I always thought it was the most violent a game could get so when my 13 year old son pleaded me to get the game i said no, He showed me other games like GTA5 and Mortal Kombat. I immediately reversed my way of thinking cod was not the most violent game out there it is simply portrait to be. I got my son the game but forced him to turn off graphic content. He has had endless fun and laughs, Easily the best purchase I have made in a while.
My kid kept on nagging me to get this game and I finally gave in but before I let him play I played it myself and the age rating is way too high. There is hardly any blood and is quite fun for even me to play. I recommend that all parents that have kids above age 11 should be able to play because its not as bad as the 15+ tells you.
honestly these reviews and age recommendations are completely overreaction back in the day kids could do so much more now they cant leave the house some may not want to but can but most arent allowed
This is a very appropriate game which should have an age rating of 12 as it has near to none blood and nothing sexual therefore i think this game should be rated 13.
I really don’t think it’s that bad because you can turn off the blood setting and you can switch the match attire to make the wrestlers not expose skin. Also, my kid has played it and he has not been violent. I was adding that because I have talked to other parents about this and that is what they were worried about.
Game Wants its Characters to be "Sexy"
NOT a chance for kids under 16
would aprove for kids
Best assassin's creed game yet!
Brilliant World in excellent ac game
You can turn of the blood
Excellent... with limitations.
EPIC ADVENTURE IN ANCIENT GREECE, CONSTANT VIOLENCE AND SEXUAL REFERENCES
What?
A age review - This game is suited for teens
Listen to me for a sec
So historically accurate, but very bloody
[Few Spoilers] Awesome game, violent but no sex on screen
The game is ok
this game is fine
Great for age 9 and up
Can't fault
Great
Amazing!
NOT BAD
I was thinking about getting the game for my younger son. But i discovered my older son has the game and has it