 for a few years now. The main character "Kassandra" has way too many skimpy outfits that expose more skin then necessary. If you do not believe me look up hear are a few minor sets, "AC odyssey Athena's Armor Set" and "AC odyssey the sacred Oracle set." Also, there is a a supposed "very graphical and accurate" nudity/love making scene.
Very, Very, Very disgusted to have to return this game back to Steam. I'm not a Karen (I'm a male) but I do understand what is ”safe” and what isn't for my 12-year-old son when it comes to video games. After begging for Assasins Creed Odyssey for Christmas, I decided to watch some YouTube video reviews and read a few articles on the overall game. I was actually excited for my son to be playing a historical inspired game. I bought him a game key for Odyssey and waited until Christmas day for him to open it up and begin to install it on his computer. Anyways, Christmas day came and he was super happy to find out that he now owns the game. After a few days of owning the game, I went into his room and was disgusted to find out what was on his screen. There was a muscular, beautiful brunette girl with a braid (who I believe is the main character) was completely nude. The screen was tolling up and down her, REVEALING EVERYTHING. Parents I want to keep it family friendly here, but the camera was showing “Everything,” I was horrified as it was extremely graphic. I thought it was an Adult film or something, but when I pressed the button for home, it brought up the games pause menu. The video game was so accurate about her “stuff” that I thought it was a legit adult film. I haven’t told many people about it because the game has been out for awhile now, but do be warned. I am sick that people actually enjoy seeing that stuff and knowing that a kid could easily get access to the game.
coming from a christian famly i would like to think this game isnt that bad, would totally let kids 13 and older play it
This game is absolutely phenomenal, but it is a pretty violent game, it also has lots of swearing, and there is some references to sex. But overall, I would let a teenager play it.
I have played all of the games in the assassin's creed series, and besides ac unity, all of them have been fairly okay for tweens. This game is no exception. This game is not the best in the series, and certainly not the most violent. You can turn off blood in this game and there is no gore. The blood is brief and rare and sprays can be slightly unrealistic. Violence in my opinion is a 7/10. Sex is optional and rarely happens(twice). It is off screen. The only problem you can have with that is sexual reference. Sex in my