 you can drown???
This Expansion to an already really good game and the fact that they just announced that Lego speed champions was in the game I immediately got It .
I love Forza Horizon 4. I love Lego. Together? Hmm. When this was unveiled, I didn't quite know what to think. I decided the only way I'd know if I liked it was to get it. I bit the bullet and paid the £16 for it and at first, I quite enjoyed it, and was quite a laugh. Here's where I start knocking it. Firstly, only three cars? :| I didn't let that bother me though as I went on to unlock the other two cars (which were not challenging to get at all). The customization and upgrades are a bit meh too. I then unlock the barn find and wait a couple of hours for it to finish. I'm confused so I return to my house. It tells me have to wait for the next content update to receive it. :| Now a little mad I then reluctantly beat The Goliath (also not very hard) and now it wants me build Lego dinosaurs. I'm sorry but this is 3 stars at best.
There is a positive message
I think that all persona games have a message good or bad but all of them include being your true self i have not played any persona game but i am in a while so i might update although back to topic this game also includes the being your true self theme by saying don't let anyone control your life story listen to the intro of the song and it will say many things about writing you true story thats also where the cinema part comes in. Although its tecnacly persona 5s message but updated. Have a nice day and get this game!
I love this game but it telling me to but I can't rate it on playstore
I love it lol
Great game, but very rigorous
This is a great game that has little violence even though the entire game is based on the fact that you will continue to die over and over again because you are in a time loop. It is a game suitable for all audiences but I recommend this for people that can really enjoy puzzles. My only concern is that there are monsters on one of the planets that look like angler fish. They're seriously freaky and Im not going to lie I screamed the first time I saw one. Other than that it is a great game for everyone.
A very interesting video game. I love the exploration and time looping feature, but I think some, especially younger kids, might find it frustrating or boring. It makes sense to be frustrated sometimes, but I think younger kids might give up easily. Considering it was just 30 dollars on release, I highly recommend it for anyone who like space, open-world, exploration, and puzzle-solving. the violence is extremely limited, fall damage being the