 opinion is 4/10. The main problem I have with sex is that there are naked statues. If you have been to school or museum like this, that should be no problem. There are plenty of naked statues throughout these places. Swearing is the biggest problem, but still is a small problem. Throughout the campaign I heard about 4 f words and 2 s words but that is it. Maybe I didn't notice some, but I was suprised it got 5/5 language instead of 3/5 or 4/5. Language for me was 5/10. This game is just like the other ac games, (besides unity) it just never pushes past a specific boundary. Alcohol is used quite a bit and in abundance, but can be easy to miss. This for me was a 2/10. If this was a movie it would be pg-13 or age(15) in the uk for frequent and bloody action, brief sexual references, and language.
Its intense, brutal in parts but you can always turn of the blood, there are statues that are nude and there is sex but you cant see it. Great story, cool characters really worth playing.
I have always loved these games, and I never did play AC: Origins. So this is the first AC game, with this new format, that I have played. They really changed the game in a very good way. In my personal opinion, and it is simply what I follow, any language, and any sexual content is too far, and that is why I never played Origins, is because there is nudity in the game. I got this game, with a good conscience because you can turn off the voices/subtitles, and there is no nudity in the game. You can, however, flirt with characters, and then the screen will cut to black implying sex, before you return to the game having seen nothing. This is never necessary, and completely avoidable. The language seemed light to me, however, like I previosuly said, any language is too much, but I play without voices or subs. With all of this in mind, the only other topic to touch on is the violence. Blood splatters at impact with swords, bludgeons, spears, and the like. There are some greusome cutscenes in which people have spears shoved through their faces. Cutscenes are skipable, and blood can be turned off. I play the game for the fun of it, and not for the story line. I play with no cutscenes, and no voices, I leave blood on, and the game is excellent. If you want it just of the gameplay, you can easily do that with the settings in the game, and turning off language and blood, and avoiding sexual interaction (which is few and far between) I would say this is a 15+ game. But, with all of that in, definitely an 18+.
Ac Odissey is great game if want to learn more about the history and mitology of ancient Greece. But the game has a lot of violence (blood