 can be turned off): The player can use several weapons to kill hundreds of enemies, such has swords and bows. It also has sexual references (real sex is not shown on screen): some NPC'S talk about sex, and the player can choose to romance other characters. But the morality of Alexios or Kassandra will depend on the players decisions. Also, we can learn about the outcomes of our decisions, every action has a consequence. Some drinking, occasional profanities.
First off What? This games nudity is not seen and is not that bad yes there Is causing and blood but that's all and the causing isn't even that bad
My teenager son started asking for this game and I was sceptical. After completing this game, I found that violence is to the minimal it's more about defeating mythological creatures rather than assassinating, There is no drinking involved and there is no sexual content except for statues showing genitalia which is in Greece Anyway. Blood and language can be turned off too!
First of all it’s called assassins creed so of course there’s blood though you can turn off blood there still is gory cutscenes, stabbing in the mouth and gory kills. Plus you can also have implied sex. The language is pretty bad s**t, f**k etc. but honestly the main guy is an amazing role model and teaches us Lots of lessons throughout this Greek journey. And after a while the controls get Real easy. I love it, the crowd loves it, oh we all love it! Cmon parents give your kid a chance. I hope this review is helpful
This game is almost 100% accurate, it takes place in ancient greece, you can be a male or female character but it does not make it more or less inappropriate. The game features so much blood, more than I have ever seen in a video game, but if somebody got impaled it would just show blood and no hole. The game has a fare amount of language, but not nearly as bad as it is said to be. I mean the game kind of has nudity, it shows genitals and breasts on statues, but if your kid took history class then they have already seen many off this same kind of thing. It does allow sex but it does not show it physically, it is from behind a wall. The game has robbing a currency called drachmae , and it does allow you to purchase items but that is nothing to worry about. Of course this is Greece so the only drugs is whine which is considered drugs in video games. But this game is very difficult. So the game is good for any kid that can withstand a huge amount of blood
You play a spartan warrior, who got separated from his family and who tries to find them. So of course, there is violence, gore stuffs, spears through the face, etc. You can turn off blood but the violence is still here imo. If