 your kid watched 300 or Game of Thrones, it's way worse than this game. The sex isn't showed at all on the screen, only a few moaning and a little talk, but the only thing you see it kisses. The ending of the game depends on what you did during it, you can either kill your entire family, or get them together, so if your kid is really young (10-13), i'd say that you'd better play with him to help him with the dialog choices and see the happy ending.
As long as your kid Is mature enough to handle a lot of blood there are no direct sex scenes where you see but there are statues of nudity but those are all in actual Greece and have a sort of educational aspect.
Not even mentioning the sheer historical accuracy of this heavily underrated game
I watched my 14 year old play this game and it was perfectly fine! Little swearing, a lot violence but blood can be turned off.
People highly overprotect children these days. There is moderate swearing but children are usually exposed to that anyway.
This game is not too mature, common sense highly overprotect it, blood can be turned off and swearing is at a minimum
This game is amazing! It has beauty, style, and history! The goriness of this game can be turned to a minimum if you turn blood off and there isn’t much swearing. Finishers can be brutal though.
COMMON SENSE MEDIA OVERRATES AGAIN, GOOD FOR OLDER KIDS&lt; VERY EDUCATIONAL, BEST AC INSTALMENT YET, THOUGH IT DOSEN'T REALLY HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE ORIGINAL ASSASSIN"S CREED. HAS VIOLENCE, BLOOD, MILD LANGUAGE, BRIEF SENSATIONAL CONTENT
Don’t let 14 and under play if you are sensitive
Alright for children over 11. Overrated Sexual content and Violence.
Good game, but the CSM review is a little too protective...
Excellent game for older child
Too overated
A great murderous rampage
Fine for teens
What parents should know.
Great game with many historical accuracies.
Great game, really good at passing time.
Great Game
Misunderstood
amazing!
Not Bad
Its not that bad
Parents hear me out
Honestly, it’s not a bad game. It’s historically correct, however, there are sciences where people are drinking and/or drunk. There is nudity, but only on Greek statues. There is no shortage of violence, and there is a chance to “romance” the NPC’s however, you don’t actually see the sex happening. It’s a good game, great storyline, lots of Im game content. And some of the NPC’s and even Alexis or Cassandra (depending on which one you pick) can be good role models for your children. They fight for what they believe is right in order to help people and fix the problems in the world.
While the rating did say there was sexual content, there was almost none, save a few statues with nipples and penises exposed. My 12 YO son has been playing it for a few months, and from watching some of his playing, it seems like the violence is quite overrated, at least from this enstallment. I would say 11 YO at the lowest,