 any lower and it might be a bit inappropriate.
Well, to begin with, the game is designed very well with a lot to do, so if you think your kid will get bored of this quickly, think again. It is a great open world game with a lot to explore and find. After 2 weeks of my 14 year old son begging for me to just look at it, I finally did. I found just as much violence and killing as I thought I would but, it turns out you can turn off the blood in the game is wished. There is incredibly small amounts of nudity, only from a handful of statues, and there is no real bad language that my 14 hasn't heard. It's a great game that my son is having loads of fun with. I would say that most 14 year olds can handle that violence. Also, my kid knew that it took place in the Peloponnesian War so he even got a slight amount of history from it. Great game, great for eighth graders and kids who are 14 years or older. Hope this helps out!
There is violence-however-it is killing the “bad guys”. The graphics are stunning. I was more concerned with possible sex in this game. So there are options that can be accessed on a menu screen-one of these options is a heart symbol. The description of what happens if you select the heart is “flirt”. My son is 11 and we have not let him play the game unsupervised. So far-after many hours of play-there has been no sex or nudity of any kind. Including statues ( not that that bothers us-we are Greek and do not find nudity in ancient art offensive). But I find it interesting that I had read about so much nudity and have seen none. There are some swears-the “f” and “s” words. And many in Greek. Overall -if you let your child play video games with some violence-then there is nothing to worry about here.
There's not that much violence there's no sex and nudity ever seen and they worst they say upto is shit #Notthatbad your kids would hear way way worse at school its a game that involves strategy focus and war good enough for 10 and up
The Language is largely not an issue, rated 12 movie wise. Nudity? Nothing other than statues as far as I can see. Violence - plenty. Lots. Implied to a degree, but you are clearly impairing hundreds of people with a spear, through the head, body , snapping necks, chocking them to death, or a combination of all of them. Setting people on fire, throwing them to sharks (although largely unseen), kicking them off cliffs, oh and killing every animal about without any judgement, comeback, or issue. It isn’t killing bad guys, it is mostly soldiers, but there is no ‘bad’ side. As a result it is amoral, entirely mercenary. You also get many contracts, as a mercenary, to murder