 in cold blood for exceedingly dubious reasons. Civilians often join in fights in towns, with predictable results for them. In short, violence is the issue. My 10 year old could handle it, but I don’t want him to and am concerned about it. I am a keen gamer, this is an excellent game with a brilliant gameplay ‘loop’, but it isn’t for anyone not fairly well settled in high school in my opinion. Insofar as learning about history, you would learn the same from watching ‘300’.
No nudity, no sex, little swearing. The only thing is blood which can be turned off easily.
I think in the past the media has built a grotesque image of not such a bad franchise. I also think that compared to games of the same rating like doom it is not that bag. As a side note I personaly as a pop culture consumer (Mabye a bit too much rap for my age.) think that it shoude have a teen rating I mean just look at what parents and kids are saying for the avreage age rating. So in the end I think it is okay for your child as long as they are 11+ to play
There is an option to disable blood fx, and with that on, it is no worse than a pg 13 movie. There are many historical sites to visit and learn about, and the game provides fun-facts about ancient Greek culture on loading screens.
I let my 11 year old son play it, and I know some people complain that "it swears" or, "it has blood", but you can just turn the blood off in the gameplay settings. It's labeled under Blood FX by the way. And to remove most of the swearing, just go into the audio settings, and turn off the subtitles. And, if your kid has headphones to hear the dialog, just ask them to remove the earphones during cutscenes where the main character is talking to an enemy. They say it has "Sexual themes", but the only sexual thing shown is the male privates on some Greek statues, and they would have learned about that in health class anyways. The main thing Common Sense Media think is "Sexual" about this game, is that you can choose to stay overnight with another character sometimes, and sometimes it will intend that you will have sex with them. If your kid does choose to do this, the screen will just fade black and will start to load, then resume the game, beside the house of the character you just stayed with.
This game is amazing and is lots of fun, my son Gabe has had this game for a month and absolutely loves it, there is some violence and language but I made him turn it off in the settings. The only sexual themes is on the statues but come on they have seen the same stuff in health class at school so I feel like this game is for kids 10+
This