 game is VERY misunderstood for it rating. ESRB labeled it with sexual themes because of the stone statues but there is no actual sex. Also it is also somewhat educational. You will learn about the old Greek philosopher Sokrates and Greek author Barnabes. And last of all the language. The language is not that bad if you raise your kid to know that bad language is not acceptable. I think if your kid is 13 or older they will have no problems with this game.
I think it its a good RPG game that may include sexual things but is off screen and kids in year 4 and over already know about it and hear rude language often
The game has very few bad words and sex the sex is just talking then it goes into a black screen. The blood isn’t that gory it’s just a blood splatter there and here.
Yes, there's some violence and one or two bad words, but otherwise I don't see why its 18+. I did some research and found that Europe is one of the only places that rate this 18+.
As a parent of 3 I don't let my kids just play anything, I have limits and so this is great for my 12 year old twin daughters. Reason I say this is because they play all A.C. games and the whole purpose of these games isn't to teach war or how to kill, but to learn about history. my twin girls are terrible at social studies in school (not that they're not trying, its just complicated to comprehend), but I let them played the A.C. games and next thing u know they learned A LOT about history. reason is say this is because assassins creed games takes place in different time eras like Egypt, London, paris, A LOT. So the games not only helped my daughters grades but also taught her more of the past including me as well, I was blown away with the graphics but the history story telling is on point. There is no sex in this game, just nude statues like in art and the blood can be turned off in most A.C. games and there is no serious gore. In all A.C. games yes there is killing, but not the sole purpose or plot is to kill, killing is only at bad guys and never gruesome like blood splattering horror type, just normal blood. I recommend this game to everyone 12+