 the minigames (3-4 games out of 80 total) are really just fillers and/or not much fun and I wish there were more than 4 maps.
This game is fun for kids and adults. Parents taught their children to read instructions using their Joy-Con Controllers. It's fun teaming up in River Survival with 4 players to join. It's memorable like previous Mario Party titles.
this game is good.
it really fun and lets kids be creative but has online chat
it fun has alot to do kid alot to do to keep kid busy and online does a great job of preventing cussing
the best open world driving game for all ages.
For children I Am thoroughly impressed by how much freedom and exploration you have in Forza Horizon 4. It is rare that you can find an E rated game that allows you to go anywhere and do anything and is not violent. No running over people or the like. I truly recommend this game to anyone who likes open world games but wants to avoid the violence and dark themes of most other free roaming games. While it has mostly positive points there are still some issues worth mentioning. The game allows one to drive recklessly and dangerously and the player's car is indestructible. The car handling is highly unrealstic and is not a driving simulator like Gran Turismo. The player can crash through much of the environment such as fences and walls and there are sometimes animals which appear. The animals cannot be injured or killed however. this game unlike other driving and exploration games also lacks police which is good because then it does not tempt and encourage players to run from police the way Need For Speed does. At the same time it also makes it appear that laws don't really matter and there are no consequences for dangerous driving. it seems to be the idea of the perfect world where we could all drive any car we want and drive as fast as we want and nobody to tell us otherwise. if the Forza car festival existed in real life however then many more of us would be dead on the roads. If your kids are getting their driver's licenses then just make sure they know the difference between a game and real life. Otherwise you cannot go wrong with this game and it is really groundbreaking for what it is.
Kids Love It
I have played this cute little game and my 10 yr old daughter loves this game. Its just a cute platform game for VR.
Eleventh Installment a Success in Popular Robo-Blasting Franchise
I have played all the former 1-10 series and was skeptical that 11 could live up to the 8 bit adventures of its predecessors (with the exception of 7 and 8). This one did not disappoint. Mega Man returns, this time equipped with one of Dr. Wily's robotic upgrades, the Double-Gear System, to take on the infamous doctor. It has all the elements of the classic Mega Man series: