 most violent thing I remember.
Great game
I think that layers of fear 2 is great. It is good at building tension (especially at the beginning as you don’t know what to expect) and has a good number of jump scares. It would be a good first horror game to have. It builds up tension but you get scared in a fun way e.g you laugh about being scared. The jump scares are frequent but aren’t disturbing. I have not completed the game fully but so far: No gore No bad language No drugs No sex
Best FNaF, if not the best horror game ever
Dreadber
Pack an extra pair of pants
Let the kids play fnaf
One of the best horror experiences
Very scary, but definitely worth it in the end.
Fun VR Game Filled With Jumpshocks and Fun
Good game fam
mah favorite
ITS A REALLY FUN AND SCARY GAME TO GET your BLOOD PUMPING
Great depending on the level.
One of the best FNaF games
FNAF TO IT'S BEST!!!!!!!
Scary
Rating
VR Freddy!!
good game
I Love This Game
One of the best games Ive played in a while!
Really great VR horror game! - Overall the best Five Nights at Freddy's game to play!
I got the non-vr version for the switch a few days ago, and I absolutely love it. The game can be scary, but that's the best thing about it. get this game instead of the first three, because it has all three in it, with HD and 3D graphics that are 10x better. I highly recommend this.
I dink it's OK
This game is extremely scary and I am an extreme wimp so I never completed it but I might. There’s some good secrets to uncover and there are some dark themes but it’s alright
Five night at freddy's help wanted a.k.a fnaf is a combination of all of the fnaf games from the past couple years ,now from what I know fnaf is a horror game however it has no gore however the game itself is pretty scary, in f.n.a.f. you play as a night guard in a kid's pizzeria that has performing animatronics on a stage , arcade games and pizza(like a chuck e cheese ) only issue is they want to kill toy because inside the robots costumes are children's souls that want revenge , and the rest of the game is check cameras close doors and font let the animatronics (freddy the bear, bonnie the bunny, chica the chicken and foxy the pirate fox) kill you , its also really popular with kid's because of YouTube, where alot of gaming youtubers play the games and kid s like it so over all the games concept is dark but game isn't too bad. So if your kid wants to play fnaf let them play it, just don't let them turn around in the lobby you'll see a horrifying rabbit named glitchtrap who would mist likely give them nightmares.
Funnest Vr experience I’ve every had. The games were so fun. I always felt like I was on the edge of getting jump-scared. You can unlock prizes and