 to and another animal. Google "Mushroom life is strange" for spoilers. Do not recommend to animal lovers and those sensitive to harm to animals. Previously was a big fan of the LiS games but this put me off the series.
Episode 1 and 2 are safe of any nudity or sex but on the other hand by episode 3 there’s a lot of it and it’s also presumed these characters are still underage so take that for what it’s worth. Why bother playing ep 1 and 2 only to get to 3 and then have to deal with this complete 180...just a forewarning.
Best VR game ive played...real workout and fun
Its a fun balance of realistic and arcade style boxing
good game, but horrible physics
Still a Good Entry In a Strong Franchise
Pass or Miss
Bad game
The animations need work. The rev center also needs work. I have all my badges on gold/silver where they need to be and yet I miss easy open shots. I’m slow getting easy steals and blocks. The animations are really messed up and just need some work. As well as the park. Other than that I feel the game is pretty good:)
Pitiful MyCareer
Garbage
Worst game ever
2K19 is a good game, but it has it's problems. first, The physics I cannot stand. people can fly through my character and it makes the game feel incomplete. But the game is fun and high scoring for both teams. Also the graphics look great in my opinion.
NBA 2K has been around for a while now. While the graphics have slight improvements year after year, I still find myself feeling like playing the same game as last year's edition. We need something new 2K! It's been a while since a new mode was added. The franchise is just getting repetitive, and I'm getting slightly bored. Would recommend for newcomers, but still the same as last year.
Understand 2k19 is going for realistic gameplay but if I have a wide open shot with somebody likes Stephen Curry Michael Jordan Larry Bird Kevin Durant Scottie Pimpin Steve Kerr Kyle Kroger no one should have to pass the ball in order to make a wide-open non contested shot in the middle of a game especially on a fast-break and I don't know what it is with Shaquille O'Neal Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Manute Bol and Clyde Drexler missing post shots a non contested layups with almost full bars realistically unrealistic 2K if you're in it for the graphics good game but if you're looking for realistic gameplay it's not here
If you want a game to give your kid anger issues, or to spend all your money, buy this game. The game makes your player so mediocre you can't even stand to play for one game, and the only way to bypass that is to buy the NBA 2k virtual currency, which is ridiculously priced. The skill level is preset higher than previous years, and it makes the game not even playable unless you spend $50 and another $50 to make the