 really fun game
I recommend it but it is really complicated and you have to read alot but really fun game.
great game
I dont think anyone will play this game because it is so old but if you have a ps4 you should get it. it is an awesome game realy graphic in some cut scenes and the only place to pilot it in the robot its ''underside". im only 11 so my age restriction would not make sense but i played borderlands at 4 or 5.great game not much gore ace out
Best RPG I've ever played
It’s one of the best games for teens+.
This is by far the best RPG I've ever played. I've been playing since it first came out in 2017 and I've had nothing but a positive experience. It has a meaningful storyline, great three dimensional characters, a unique combat system and outstanding graphics. It's an absolutely amazing and well-rounded game. As for whether your child should play this game, I'd say they should be 13+. While there is violence, it's nothing crazy gory. However, there are several sex scenes that happen depending on what NPCs you choose to have in your party. If you get stuck in a sex scene, there is nothing graphic and it can be easily skipped over. There are a few suggestive themes, such as prostitution, drug cartels, etc, but it's nothing major and shouldn't be too much of a problem for a kid playing (I got to the prostitution part as a 12 year old and it was fine, albeit a little awkward to play through with my dad). RATINGS Graphics: 10 Story: 10 Controls: 9 Gameplay: 10 Total: 9.75 CONTENT Drugs/smoking: Yes, minor / unavoidable Suggestive content: Yes, minor / avoidable Violence: Yes, major / unavoidable Swearing: No Consumerism: No Hope this helps!
My friend encouraged me to buy this game. I was hesitant because of the price, but I gave in and I purchased it. It’s very exciting. You need to make good choices to get good results. If you steal, you get into fights. You have to earn your way to the top, and it’s very enjoyable. Yes, like any other game there is violence. There’s also ale, beer, etc., but it doesn’t encourage you to drink. Rarely any swearing. A really good RPG!
Super fun action platformer.
Well-made game with great personality. It's content is family friendly on every front except that some of its enemies are briefly refereed to as demons. There isn't anything graphic or overly scary. Enemies simply disappear when hit. One other reason I wouldn't recommend this too younger players is the difficulty. Some areas and bosses require quick reactions and precision platforming. Definitely a great purchase if you're looking for a challenging and light-hearted adventure.
Good game but really hard
A Fantastic Fantasy Action-RPG!
I think this game if fine for 10 year olds. The game only has slight bit of blood but is a good challenge. You could sort of say this game has a good message by making