 Great Game! Multiplayer sucks though...
But the Nintendo Switch edition!
Buy the nintendo swtich edition!
This is a highly enjoyable game, but the multiplayer sucks. Violence. A character is kidnapped. Explosions. A bug is put in a mans mouth(you don't see it). You shoot aliens, no blood or gore, they just explode, sorta. Easiness. They have three settings you can choose from, easy, normal, and hard. The controls are easy to use. It's not that hard to play, just fun. Other Stuff. The lead alien does where a mask along with all of his followers. Littler kids may find him scary, or they'll just think he's cool. It really isn't that bad. Is it worth buying? Yes. But there is something you must know, the multiplayer sucks. When in multiplayer your ships have to stay close together, meaning you can't go and do your own thing while your partner does his own thing. You have to stay together. Other than that it's a great game. You can buy more ships to expand the game but they are not necessary to complete the story mode. Fun game, I recommend it. Thanks for reading my review.
This game is 100% awesome with the Star Fox crossover for the Nintendo switch! Buy it! Especially for the April update! Hunting down Star Wolf's teammates while playing as your favorite star fox teammates
But the nintendo switch version of this game! It's got star fox in it! The star fox team will perfect the plot!
Brutal and gorey, but not unsuitable for children.
Easy to learn, hard to master
It may be quite brutal and gorey, but not anything that a 13 year old and up wouldn't have seen in movies or games before, however, violence is the only factor that would make it unsuitable for kids.
This game is the definition easy to learn, hard to master. I could leave this review at just that, but that'd be no fun. So let's go into some detail... This game is a medieval hack'n'slash game that requires internet connection to play no matter what, even if you're playing solo on campaign you need internet connection.The game shines most in multiplayer, where it has most of it's features. Before we get to that, let's go over the story briefly, since it's really not complicated at all. So the story is: Knights attack Vikings, Vikings attack Samurai, and Samurai attack Knights. That's about it. The "story" is shallower than an evaporating puddle on the sidewalk and the dialog sounds like it was written by third graders. The biggest kicker is that the story tries to advocate a message of peace, despite the game play entirely being combat. Also the story itself doesn't even remotely have anything even close to peace, despite it claiming it does. The story telling also has a few plot holes, especially at the end. Now that the major criticism out of the way, let's get to multiplayer. The multiplayer (as stated before) is where this game shines most. There are a few different