 game modes: 1v1, 2v2, 4v4, Dominion, and Rituals. The first three are self explanatory, Dominion is zone control with two teams of 4, and Rituals is two teams of 4 fighting over ritualistic totems and need to take all three of them and keep them in their of ritual area to get perks to help and steal other totes from the enemies while they do the same. That's all fine and dandy, but the most notable is the combat. The controls are different, but are easy to learn, but also hard to master (hence the first sentence) and involves lots of parrying, combos, and light or hard attacks. You also have limited stamina and aren't able to fully regenerate over time and need to pickup health when injured. You can choose between three factions: Knights, Vikings, and Samurai. If you choose a faction, you can still play as a hero from either faction it just goes towards whatever faction you joined. Each faction has their own Vanguard (easiest one to play as), Defensive (shield users), Ranged (spear users), Assassins (fast attackers), and Heavies (users of large weapons such as great swords or hammers). If you know what you're doing, it should be pretty easy to play. Each Hero has their own executions to perform on enemies finished by a heavy blow, and they get BRUTAL. At first they weren't any worse that a Lord of the Rings movie but HOE LEE CHRIST did they change that! Players are able to decapitate, dismember, disembowel enemies in a variety of ways. This game is fun for those who know what they're doing. Not really for casuals.
The best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this game is ok i guess........
realy good
One of the best Lego games
Good For Kids
This game is super fun and there are so many cool characters and bosses to battle and use.
This game is amazing! 3 issues though....... I don't get why you don't unlock free play mode first thing. Why can you only steal veichles and not buy them? And lastly, why do the police always explode your cars! (ok i'll admit that is pretty funny) It's really funny when the legomen scream their heads off and start going coo coo poo poo bananas. To be fair, this game is suitable for 7+
Aside from the classic Lego Star Wars II: The Complete Saga, Lego DC Super-Villains is possibly the best Lego game out there. A faithful fan of Traveler Tales, the custom character system is a refreshing change from the standard Lego game system with boring levels and uninventive level design. The game is a lot more immersive than other Lego games, and takes the view of a villain. Great game and like all Lego games, easy to use.
Its a very fun game, there is no blood and its not violent at all, its just a game and there is lots of fun parts, get it for your kid and they will think your awesome.
Great
Good Game, Could have better stuff though
I put it at