 6+ not because of the content but because if somebody very young plays this they will struggle with controls the controls are not hard but there are quite a few things you can do
Fun game the only reason it would be 7+ would be because of Bras If they didn't have that it would be 4+ fun game. If you don't games where you can hit than maybe you should watch a youtube video but totally safe game, cheap, and worth it.
Well-Written and Fulfilling Adventure (and no, the controls aren’t that bad you wimps)
Amazing Game, Amazing Message
The World Ends With You is a well-written JRPG produced and published by Square Enix in 2007 for the DS, before being remastered for mobile devices in 2009 (-Solo Remix-) and Nintendo Switch in 2018 (-Final Remix-). I first played Final Remix because I don’t own a DS, and I would first like to point out, that no, the controls aren’t that bad if you get used to them. You’re just cowards — the mobile port has pretty much got the exact same touch-screen control scheme and that game is PRAISED. The game follows Neku Sakuraba, an antisocial teen living in Tokyo’s Shibuya District in circa 2007. But his world is turned upside down when he is thrown into the Reaper’s Game, a deadly form of divine judgement where Players are judged on their strength, creativity and their teamwork and problem solving skills for a shot at being brought back to life. It’s trust your partner or be Erased from existence... but there’s one problem. Neku despises people. It follows his journey of opening up to the people around him and it’s very satisfying. -Spoiler warning before we continue- This game has so many twists and turns, especially those related to the side characters. Well, I say “side-characters”, they’re all main characters really. The stories of Neku, Shiki, Beat, Rhyme and Joshua are so vastly different yet blend together seamlessly once their worlds collide because of Neku right at the end of the game during the final boss, Shibuya’s Conductor Megumi Kitaniji. The core characters are Neku and his three game partners — Shiki, Joshua and Beat, alongside Rhyme, Beat’s first game partner and younger sister. There’s also Mr Hanekoma but overall he doesn’t show up much despite how vital he is to the plot — especially the post-game content and the “Secret Reports”. Final Remix includes a new bonus scenario known as A New Day, which I personally haven’t finished yet, and honestly it’s a huge pain in the butt because I have to grind so much. And it’s really hard (although, it is the Reaper’s Game “Expert Mode” so it’s pretty obvious why). Would I recommend this game? Yes. Are the controls that bad? No, you guys are just wimps.
The World Ends With You (or TWEWY) is an utterly amazing game targeted at teenage audiences about expanding your view of the world by opening up to the people around you. The main