 you always get a little present after you win. Dreadbear DLC is plenty of fun.
I'm a big fan of all the FNAF games of the past, and none of them had really scared me. This one is definitely different, because instead of controlling somebody in an office through a computer screen, you are the somebody in an office. For the first 10 or so jumpscares, I generally got pretty scared (and by scared I mean startled, nothing that really stuck with me) but after that, I just became less of a game with a goal of try to survive so you don't get scared, and instead survive so you can win. If you aren't comfortable with those major scares while you get used to it, or think it will leave some permanent marks in your mind, then I wouldn't recommend this game. If you are interested in the FNAF series and have a VR headset, then I would highly recommend it.
Parents must know that "Five Nights at Freddy's VR: Help Wanted" is a virtual reality version of the popular game series, "Five Nights at Freddy's." Developer Scott Cawthon outdid himself with this game! It is violent because of sudden jumpshocks, and lots of terror, horror, and suspense. This game is OK for teens 15+, maybe 13+ if they can handle sudden scares!
Good game just if u dont wanna pull a shoe out of someones stomach dont play. :)
This Game Is Challenging, so challenging that i love it!!
ITS A REALLY FUN AND SCARY GAME TO GET your BLOOD PUMPING DO You WANT your PE TEACHERS TO GIVE You LAME Workouts WELL GET UR SELF THIS GAME BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT PLEASEEE
Great game can be a bit scary for anyone under 10 I'd say but if I was a parent I'd monitor my kid under 9 playing to be sure he doesn't nightmares lol. I got this game when I was 10 and I was kind of terrified at first but now it doesn't effect me anymore. If you have a teenage child and they want to play this do not be concerned for they know to stop the game if they get to scared
Five Nights at Freddy's is one of my favorite video games. I recently got the Nintendo Switch version, and I love it. It's full of scares, it mixes all the best parts of the past games, and it has some deep lore. Still, that lore is pretty dark, even for FNaF. If you are letting you little kids play it, don't let them listen to the tapes. Those reveal the dark and terrifying back story of the game.
I'm a very big fnaf fan (even though I'm 9). I was exicted to get my first vr headset and also buy fnaf help wanted. Its very fun and scary (so the review wouldnt be long)
Fnaf is just...creepy! I wouldn’t recommend it for kids under 12 years old. It has a very creepy storyline, and some disturbing story’s, and