 cast’s character development is inspiring, and the story is very well written. But here’s the kicker - everyone in the Reaper’s Game is dead, and fighting to get their lives back. The game goes over how some of the characters died, and in Neku’s case, shows the scene of his death. Multiple times. There’s no blood or anything and it’s not all that disturbing, but that’s still a 15 year old boy getting killed. Overall, I personally think the pros outweigh the cons, and that this game is perfect for any 13-16 year old kid who has problems connecting with their world. Oh and one last thing - the touchscreen controls are actually painful unless you have a stylus.
9 +
Not as bad as people say
Turn off blood and languge
Fantastic, fun, addictive shooter game is very competitive.
Really good
The worst black ops title
Perfect action packed game.
Pretty good but different.
the best game call of duty black ops 4
Great for anyone
Good, With some setting changes.
Call of Duty Black Ops 4
If you're mature
Its AMAZING
It's not the right age
It’s a good game for a mature 11 year old
Its pretty fun
An incomplete game.
Let's talk...
Bo4 is trash
The game is rated M-18+ because of the blood and gore. It is really graphic if you get shot blood gets on your screen and if you stab someone there arm might come of and sometimes heads may explode with head shots but you can turn of the blood,gore, and language that makes this game 9 +
To start of this game is amazing with great graphics and everyone really over plays the violence but if you turn off blood this game could be a 15 rated and if you purely play multiplayer (no zombies) you could pass this off as a 12. Also when people die you have a funeral for them.
If you turn off blood and language the game would receive a teen rating it is no were near as bad as a PG-13 Movie and It treats death very seriously and teaches you not to celebrate killing people unlike fortnight were you dance on dead peoples corpses in black ops 4 you respect them and give them a funeral.
This is the least most violent in the Black Ops series especially when you turn the graphic content off. With graphic content off I can easilly give this game an 11+ but here's how bad it is while keeping graphic on... Violence: 8/10. When you shoot people in multiplayer a little blood will spill out, but you can use knives and melee weapons to decapitate enemies. The only time gore is shown in multiplayer is with killstreaks but it's quite uncommon to get killstreaks. The only other time violence is very major is in the zombies mode where blood sprays everywhere on the ground and the walls. Sex: 0/10. Language: 7/10. F**k, S**t, ass, and more is used in the game, mostly in zombies but it's still strong.
Its a really good game as long as your child doesn't play the zombies mode