 if they are under 13. If they are over 13 they might be able to handle the gore within the zombies mode but if they are around 12, they should be able to play multiplayer without any problems plus you can turn off blood and gore.
This is easily the worst black ops game of all time, this takes everything from the previous games and makes it boring. The zombies game mode is no where near as fun as the previous game, the battle royale mode is just no fun and you’ll likely get killed within the first 30 seconds after waiting 7 minutes for the game to connect to the server and start. A lot of the content in the game you have to pay for which sucks and don’t even get me started on how long it takes this game to download, you’ll be waiting a good 2 and a half hours or more, maybe less if you have great internet. In terms of maturity level you don’t have to be that old to play it, and I say that because at the beginning your always given the option to turn off graphic content, this disables blood and gore (or at least most of it) and strong language which are really your two big things. You’re also given the option to turn on cartoony zombies which makes the zombies game mode a little more bearable for younger audiences. This is a terrible game and I really wouldn’t recommend it to anyone. Save yourself the disappointment and money and get yourself or your kid something better.
I think Black ops 4 is a very action packed game. It has a multiplayer and zombies mode were you can play by your self or with others. I would say there is not much violence. There is a small blood splatter when shot and you can turn off the blood in the in game settings. Along with blood you can turn off the language and there will be no cussing anywhere in the game. There is no reference to sexual content or drugs at all and you can buy in game content. I hope this helped someone and helped a parent decide, thank you for reading!
I do like this game, but it is missing features that should be there, such as reporting players (or at least I can't find out how). I was in a lobby with a foul-mouthed guy and I couldn't report him so I saved the footage of the round I played with him, and it didn't record the audio. No, it recorded game audio, but it didn't record HIS audio, so now I can't report OR have any proof of him being verbally abusive. But the game itself is fun and overall rather easy to play. But violence does get bloody and occasionally gory. Players use weapons ranging from fists to rocket launchers to kill zombies or other players. Players and zombies killed by explosives or high caliber weapons loose