 limbs, suffer decapitation, or explode into a bloody pulp of organs. You can use knifes to stab enemies and blood sprays all over the place. But this can be turned off. Some maps have visible bags of cocaine, but they cannot be used or interacted with. They will release DLCs for this game. Some potty mouthed players you can interact with online. There is no campaign. Should be OK for ages 13+
the game main focus is killing zombies and pretty violent and swearing
There is a content filter in the game and it’s has worked very well, I’ve played this game since it came out and it’s very entertaining.
It is good, I am 13 years old, just became a teen, and you should turn off blood and gore and for multiplayer, Its good for 13 year olds. For zombies I reccomend to be 15 or older since if I get caught playing zombies then im getting a whooping. 13 year olds should be allowed to play muliplayer but 15 for zombies basically. Age rating for this game should be 16 (Pegi info ratings). Guide your kids in zombies game mode but in multiplayer just disable voice chat. The text chat has a filter I've tested it.
Although the graphics and overall gameplay in this game are better than the previous game, what makes it lose a star is that there is no campaign. In terms of violence there is not that much while shooting, but when using grenades sometimes body parts explode.(This can be disabled in settings) The main point of this game is a mode called blackout. Almost the exact same as fortnite, in Call of Duty style graphics.
You can turn off blood, gore make zombies cartoon turn off profanity, voice chat and proximity chat. but it does ask you to buy alot of p2w items
The game is not recommented for at least 18 years but in my opinion it should be discouraged for at least 15 years because despite that there is blood, the decor remains unrealistic and impracticable in real life. Why not at least 14 years old ? Because despite the fact that the decor is not realistic, Call Of Duty Black Ops 4, remains a war game and that, in my opinion, from the age of 15 years, you can endure content that can be disturbing or even violent.
I am a kid that plays this and I don’t have gore on and I have mute everybody except my party on so I can’t hear the other people talking so if you do get this. Read every review on this thing to see if you want to let your kids play this.
Me and my Dad have been playing shooter games ever since I could hold a PS2 controller. I bought this and my little brother loves it. The gore can be turned off, the zombies swearing can be turned off and its overall really fun. Give your kids a shot its fun
They didn't even bother making a Campaign.