 Decent
Review
it not worth the money
Black ops 4
Good game
Good game, Too much Dlc
It’s fun
Nowhere near how bad people say it is
not that bad
It good game
worst game ever made
Not To Shabby At All
The Game Isn't Really That Bad
It’s a game
Graphic content filter settings can be turned off
Graphic content filter.
Very fun
Carful, kids get addicted. Might wanna set a time limit.
it has no campaign so it is mostly just online
This game isn’t worth the cash, but it’s not as bad as this reviewer says it is. The worst in violence is maybe when you shoot some one with a rocket launcher and their foot flys off. This game can’t even “glamorize” violence because of how fake it looks. The game looks like the GI Joes you used to play with when you were a kid. (Yeah that’s right, I know what GI Joes are) If your kid wants the game, let them get it, if anything, they’ll learn to spend money on a better games
This is basically Pub G. More fun than pubg weirdly but it is very good.
Its a fun game until you run out of things to do, then its weather you want to pay 60$ on a new gun... Activision
Not much swearing
I highly recommend this game, it is really good! Although, I am trash at it! If you don't want to see/hear the blood or swearing, (which isn't bad at all), you can turn it off in the settings. You also don't have to use voice chat, you can just mute everyone and turn off your mic. My friend and I played this together when she was 11, and she was not disturbed at all. WAY too overrated. Shouldn't be an 18.
so this game is rated M but its anyways not that bad some gore in multiplayer but in zombies mode and story mode is really bloody but you can turn off blood and gore but the story mode will still have blood no matter what but it does change the zombies mode with blood and gore i recommend this for 13 years old for the game with blood and gore but for 10 years old kids ts okay without blood and gore just make sure they understand to not use guns against people in real life
Very good game go pew pew
black ops 4 is so bad blackout is actually just a ripoff of fortnite and it sucks
It’s not bad it’s a basic non violent non cussing game if you turn those off I recommend the campaign definitely with out the cusssing but other thing already have none I think it should be 9+ Game!
In the game you can turn off blood, gore and profanity. You can also put a parental lock password on these filters so that your kids can't change it. One thing you should not let your child play is the zombies mode which can be gory. The multiplayer is perfectly fine.
There’s extreme violence, and language, however nothing else to worry about. The gore is infrequent but strong