 (shotguns blow off limbs, as do snipers and one of the lmgs, rocket launchers blow off limbs and blow enemies into chunks, as do grenade launchers and explosive blows.) but the blood and language can be turned off in the settings. All in all, adults will love this game, and teens will too, but you should turn off graphic content before letting the younger teens play, and not let even younger kids play at all.
I think it is not as bad as other parent think it is it should be for 10 year olds they don’t give barely any cussing and it’s fun to play split screen with your friend. Also Fortnite is getting kinda lame so this is a perfect game for you! As I said this should be for 10 year olds.Ps good game.
Though the game is only about shooting your enemies online with gory violence and strong language in game chat, you can switch off blood and swearing. Go to settings&gt;Content filter and you are able to switch off graphic content. Though if you leave the settings off, puffs of blood spurt out of enemies, when shot badly and healing yourself, drops are seen on your character's hands. Mild blood stains. Throwing a metal axe at an enemy results in blood and gore gushing out. Zombies mode is by far the most violent mode. Heads are seen on spears with blood on the face. Arenas can have some built in blood that can't be switched off. Language (when not turned off) is occasional. Use of "f#!k", and "$h!t."
This game is fun to play. Any kid can play this because you can turn off the blood and gore and strong language.
Amazing!
Looks like a 18+ game. Is a 11+ game
Its a toilet game
Game isn't as bloody as people say
real life
No campaign but good
Moderate to severe violence
oof
Perfectly fine
This game is for adults
this is not 18+
This game is great
Because It's M Doesn't Mean It Is That Bad
Ok for kids 11+
I love this game.
not bad
Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 - TEEN REVIEW
It's a Great Game
I love this game! It is not M worthy because you can turn off what makes it M: Blood and Gore. There is no more cussing or alcohol/drugs anymore because that was in campaign mode and they switched Campaign with Blackout. Avoid Zombies mode because they are covered in blood, but overall, it should be T. It also can teach you about defending or protecting if you want to be in the Military. Fast-Paced and never Boring! It is kinda hard, but you will become good eventually.
Love it! Tho it has no storyline and just follows boiii’s storyline it’s mutliplayer is the best! Great role models for war so I guess yes Great message to make a battle royale game so yes Easy to use for me so yes And I think that’s it!
Dont even bother buying it trust me i love the black ops series but this one is the worst one of all = there