 there is a kid friendly mode on it
This game is just like it's beginning games. The violence is standard for a call of duty game. The Gore on the other hand is very crazy. If you use a rocket launcher on a person it will blow them apart. The swearing is words like the F bomb and the S word. Now if you want you can turn off the graphic content to make it more appropriate.
I’ve played this game quite a bit. The Multiplayer and Battle Royale has no cussing, no sex, and no drugs. It does have blood and the occasional loss of limb. The only cussing you will hear is other players online. The zombies mode has cussing, blood, and loss of limbs. BUT... There is a setting that pops up when you first open table game that asks you about graphic content. When the filter is on, the Multiplayer and Battle Royale have no blood, no loss of limb, no sex, no drugs. The only thing left is the shooting. The zombie led is the same way. There’s no loss of limb, the zombies may have the slightest trace of dried blood on them. If you let your kids watch PG13 movies such as White House Down, then this should be ok. When the filter is in, I feel that even the strictest of parents would let 13+ play. Without it, it really just depends on the parents POV. This game, unlike the other Call of Duty games, has no campaign so it has no good themes. I do feel that is strengthens teamwork and brain power. You are required to react to multiple things happening simultaneously. Overall a very fun game.
uMmM I like it it is not vilent at al i thinc Evrybody should bye itt Theres no vilence its asome
I believe that although there is gore and vilence,most of it is in zombies mode. So you don’t have to play that mode. And as for swearing only one character swears and that is only one word that most 10-15 year olds already know. And like many others had notice you can turn off blood and swearing.
Even though its m for mature you could possibly give this to a kid. There are settings to censor the violence and the profanity and overall it's a fun game
Ok basically commen sence media have ripped you off they never told you you can turn blood and gore off when blood and gore is off its basically fortnite in a nut shell so I would give this 8+
I think that personnaly kids should be able to play bo4. Most parents think that it curses to much or that it is to gory, but what most parents dont know is that you can turn this off in the settings menu, and there is also a way to report and mute players. Which is also on the settings menu.
What parents do not know is that you can TURN OFF the bad stuff