 you may be concerned about in the settings! The Zombies can be scary, but a mature kid can probably handle it. The Multiplayer is fun with friends, and the Blackout is an action packed Battle Royale. Also there is no campaign, but there is a mode where you play as some of the specialists from multiplayer. That has some language BUT IT CAN BE TURNED OFF. Overall if you turn off everything and have a nice kid then this is a good game!
Great game, don’t know why you wouldn’t buy it for your kid around the age of 11. If they can solve the equation violence=bad, then it will be fine. There is a content filter bringing the rating to what should be T.
This mature game has more appropriate option such as turn off blood, strong Language, etc. It's not bad game! My friend played this game.
its fun nothing that bad plus it has a content filter
Cod Bo4 is a massive improvement on the Black Ops franchise. The game features Multiplayer, in which players can communicate with each other, (this can be muted and turned off too) a unique Battle Royale experience called Blackout, and although the game does not feature a campaign, there is dialogue involved with the Zombies PvE game mode. The language is somewhat strong, BUT YOU MUST KNOW IT ALONG WITH BLOOD AND GORE CAN BE TOGGLED ON OR OFF VIA SETTINGS-GRAPHICS-GRAPHIC CONTENT. Please note this!! The game is amazing, and provides plenty of things to work for, with weekly content updates arriving every Tuesday. Things like camos and challenges are great fun, everyone seems to want the Dark Matter, which I am personally working towards myself.
This is a great game. The game developers understand that 90% of all the people that play their games are under 18. With this in mind all of their games have content filters. These filters cut out the language and blood, it also prevents all dismemberment. Treyarch has always been looking out for the little guys. I cannot say the same for other Call of Duty developers (i.e. Raven Software and Infinity Ward). With this in mind, it is suitable for 13+. I do not think any one else younger should play due to online interactions. Don't forget to check out my other reviews (;
The Black Ops Series Keeps on Getting Better!
It’s booty
No
Real fortnite
very good for kids but not zombies mode
them reviews are not very accurate
Favorite videos game (haven’t played red dead so don’t judge)
Gore, violence and bad language.
Great game good for 12+
CSM=Overprotective garbage
as long as the content filter is on, it's 10+
18+ rating is false
Kids will play this anyway.
Call of duty black ops four
Not that bad
Great game, not too much blood and gore.
Try It!
I miss the jet packs
A functional game that kids will get absorbed by
The new game is good for teens. The violence level is pretty high, but compared to the stuff kid's see these days, this game is fine. The only other problem is that there is