 a lot of swearing, so just be aware of that. The new Call of Duty game is absolutely stunning. The graphics are improved and the gameplay has become a lot better. This Black Ops game returns to the roots of the first two Black Ops games since it doesn’t have advanced movement. Black Ops 3 was hated by a lot of people because it changed as a Black Ops game and became futuristic with advanced movement. This game is a lot better, because it takes all the good things from Black Ops 3 and removes the things people didn’t like (advanced movement). Now onto the gameplay. The blackout mode (battle royale) has just been released and is very fun. The only warning I have is not to spend money on the “battle pass” since there are a lot of tiers even though you can get some cool weapon skins and weapons itself. Next is the multiplayer. The multiplayer is probably one of the best things about this game. All the specialists from Black Ops 3 are the same, except for the fact that some new abilities have been added, which changes things up. Finally, is the zombies. The zombies mode in this Black Ops is amazing. A lot of new maps are really fun, but the main feature of the zombies is the storyline. The Black Ops games continue a story throughout the zombies, and the final part of the zombies storyline has arrived in this game. In conclusion, this is one of the best Call of Duty games ever made, and I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
I’ve been playing call of duty since I was 8 and I’m fine so stop being helicopter parents and let kids play but this game sucks though if u want a real call of duty play any call of duty that’s black ops 2 or before
This game is okay I guess but I think that it is still the worst black ops game to date and is probably not worth 60 dollars. If you buy it for someone like under 13 or something then just don't buy them a mic so that they can scream at their teammates.
Swearing I get it but I ‘m sure load of people already know swear words so yeah and it’s really cool I have the Xbox one x so it’s way better so try it not under 12 coz violence but really good if ur going to be in the military
i believe this is a good game as you can take all of the gore and language out but zombies is too gory for kids. no intercourse or sexual scenes
I started with the zombie mode, deciding not to turn of graphic stuff to see what the game was really like. There was: an excess of swearing, and excess of violence, a glamorous view of violence, blood splatters EVERYWHERE, and the game itself was pretty lame. True, you can turn off graphics, but what's to say your