 child won't just turn them on? Now, onto the sexy stuff: I only played for about 30 minutes and therefore have no clue what other thing there may be, but the "no sex present" rating is entirely untrue and inaccurate. In one of the first scenes, there was a man, fully clothed, chained to a bed. A woman wearing a domme outfit was crawling on top of with and fingering him discreetly and seductively. Once she got to his head, the scene cut. This game deserves the 18+ rating it got.
Dude the game is awesome! Blackout mode could use some work but other than that it’s awesome! Haven’t beaten the zombies mode yet but it’s super violent. In the arena there bodies that are hung on spears (some are beheaded and some are just severed heads). The multi player is the best part of the game. I’m already rank 56 and have to Maddox! (Best gun in the game). In the multiplayer, when you explode your body parts fall off and there is a lot of blood spurting out but if that bothers you turn off the graphic content. The game is awesome and it could be rated T with the graphic content off. Play it dude. There is no reason you shouldnt
Title is self-explanatory, shows lots of violence and gore, as well as bad language in the campaign mode.
I think it’s a good game if you turn off blood and gore it’s good for 12 or maybe younger and many studies show that violent games don’t lead to real life violance and sometimes decrease it.
I can’t even believe that this so called “Common Sense” is rating games 18+ that half the teenage population is playing. Like, do they even keep in touch with what kids these days are playing? This website makes me sick. It’s like there is no good rating systems in this world. It’s not like the ESRB is any better. There is no so called “Common Sense” on this website. You can even turn off the blood. I think that CSM needs to grow up and know this generation of kids better.
If the content filter is on, there is no swearing or blood and gore. Game is very gory and violent but not much swearing so I say 14+ without content filter but 10+ with content filter
I recently was allowed to play Call of Duty games around the age of 11, because you could turn off graphic settings in a Advanced Warfare. I preordered Black Ops 4 and have loved the game so much, but there is a bit to discuss on the age rating. If your teen cant handle graphic content, you can very easily disable blood gore and language in the settings. If you choose to leave it on, blood will spray a bit where you shoot some one, you will stab people in the side of the head and blood will be shown. There is a score streak called the Hellstorm and when