 you drop it on an enemy (it is a missile) their arms and legs are severed and blood sprays everywhere. As I said previously you can easily disable it in the settings. As for language, in multiplayer you character may say sh*t when he/she is shot. As for zombies and specialist missions there is intense language. Specialist missions are very gorey and curse a lot, and I don’t think that you can change it, however those missions are not required and you don’t have to bother doing them ever. I’m the end I’d just say that the game is for matured teens, definitely not the weak minded.
Call of Duty is one of the most coveted and historied game series. Although I appreciate a diffrent kind of game I think that the more intense battle royale is an appricieated compared to games like Fortnite or H1Z1. I think that blood or violence in games while not good for young kids is fine and not realeated to mood changes or mental harm in any way. I think that in the end kids will play this no matter what and setting limits on play time as well as disscussing the games content with your kids is better then just sheilding them from it.
This Is not that bad of a game at all. Parents should not be so concerned about lauguage and violence. Although there is some it is certainly not an 18 and older game. This only says so because it has some violence and some language so they had to make it 18 and older. I recommend 10 or older to play this.
Its not that bad as you would expect a cod game to be. As some of you know, there is a option to turn of blood,gore,and swearing. If you have your kid turn off blood , gore, and swearing, than its nothing more than a action movie like Star Wars, DC movies or Marvel movies, Basically PG-13 movies. I know alot of kids want this game because the call of duty company took out campaign for a battle royale mode just like Fortnite has. Thx for reading this and if your a kid, Trust me I know how it feels when you want a game like this and your mom and dad dont let u play it. Anyways thx and hope u like this game and review. :)
For the most part, this is an online game. In multiplayer, there is some gore when you hit a grenade or a mine. In zombies, it is much more gorey. You can shoot the heads off and blow them to mush. Very fun to play, but people on the chat will swear and talk smack, but you have the option of muting them. Also, not mucj swearing. Some of the characters mottos ibclude the f word, but nothing worse.
CoD: Black Ops is a violent game, because there are parts when they decapitate people, and there is lots of blood, but the dismembering is