 only in Campaign Mode where there are lots of F-Bombs and stuff like that, but you can turn of the blood and just mute it when there's swearing, but never let your kids play Zombies because you can't turn of blood and there are lots of words as in b-tch and f-ck, but other modes are good for children but you have to ask yourself if they're mature enough, altogether a great game, good for an xmas gift or a bday gift, so you should think about it.
I believe teenagers should be able to play any game with blood and gore, as long as you can turn it down/off. Most parents don't mind blood and gore, but instead they focus on torture scenes. First of all, I personally only want to play the zombie mode on CoD Blackops 4, because if I wanted to play a gamemode like Blackout, I would play a cartoon animated game like Fortnite. Second of all, if I were to play the Campaign mode with the torture and other aspects like that, then I would just push the "Skip" button that CoD Blackops 4 has included in their game specifically for people that don't want to see those types of things, or just want to get to the gameplay instead of watching there 2-5 minute in game videos, but I probably won't play the Campaign mode just because I can't play multiplayer with my friends (The real reason I play any video game is to play and talk with my friends btw, and I'm sure that is the same reason for most, if not all teens).
This game is perfectly playable. The companies making these games have fine tuned them to be easy to play and optimized them to look as good and run as good as possible, and they've achieved this with yearly releases. This game isn't special and will very quickly stop being played. It's just substance. It's bland. A lot of people seem to think that just because you can turn off the blood and Gore means the game is perfectly fine for a 9 year old. It's not. There's no setting to get rid of the gruff and mature military look to the game. There's no setting that adds concepts beneficial to growing minds. And most of all there's no single player beyond sitting by your lonesome in a server. Kids will be interacting with players, and trust me when I say that people aren't the nicest beings when they can talk to someone while anonymous.