 The Highest Quality
Even my mom approved
Not violent
My parents were skeptical about getting me this game at first. I eventually convinced them and got the game soon afterwards. I turned on the Graphic Filters so there was no Blood or Gore. The first time I played this game I was quite surprised at how wrong the rating was. I own other teen games like Destiny 2 and COD Black ops 4 is hardly any worse (w/graphic filters). I highly recommend this game to anyone 13 or older.
My mom never lets me get graphic shooters and when I kept begging she said she didn’t want me under that influence. However, after figuring out you can turn off blood and gore she allowed me to get it and it’s my first shooter ever. If my mom approves anyone should.
Hi, i'm a teen and I think is game is ok. This is because Black Ops 4 has a setting to turn off blood and gore. It makes the game wayyy more enjoyable for kids. THANKS!
Good game
This is a great kids game.
I love Luigi!
The gameplay can be very challenging and confusing at times. It’s best if you start playing it around 9-10.
I've seen Nintendo make some great games over the years. From Super Mario Brothers to Warioware, there has been a great selection of games. However, one has stood out among the rest. That game is Luigi's Mansion. As far as character morels go, it's pretty solid on the importance of family. I mean, Luigi, who is easily frightened by anything, is risking his life to save his brother from a haunted mansion. He truly cares for his brother and would risk everything to help him. The "violence" in this game is super mild, even by Mario's standards. The ghosts play the equivalent of small pranks on Luigi's for the majority of the game. As for consumerism, there is a small amount, but remember, this is Nintendo we are talking about. Luigi's Mansion is technically part of the Mario Brother's franchise. However, overall, this game is great and I would recommend buying it as a gift for kids.
For all of you people who think this game involves demons, don't worry. It doesn't contain any malicious content at all. The violence is nonexistent or kept at a minimum. I will note that when a ghost does enter the room, it will release a laugh that, when you aren't paying any attention to the game or if you are very jumpy, such as I am, the noise will surprise you. Otherwise, totally kid friendly.
I love wwe games this has good graphics and gameplay I could play it for hours and not get bored
MYCAREER IS THE BEST!!!
Pretty amazing
Great
It's fine for kids
Awesome game
2k have finally brought back the fun and thrills of previous games like 2k14
If you get this game you may become hooked to it because of the great gameplay
Ok so WWE 2k19 has the BEST MYCAREER mode in any game.So you start as a wrestler on the