 indies then make your way up to Main Eventing Wrestlemania!!!I won't give any more spoilers but let me just say that this time you are involved in the process instead of just playing matches and doing a promo every now and then.I wish it could be longer but this this Mycareer is the start of the new way of doing Mycareer!!!Besides that though there is 2k Towers where you face multiple opponets to win,Including a huge 2k tower with Styles vs many more opponets in the million dollar challenge.The gameplay is about the same.
Wwe2k19 is very fun. It has a lot of characters but leaves a lot out. It Is violent because your punching, kicking, slamming, and use of chairs,sledgehammers ect. but nothing on the level of games like hitman and assassins creed. There is some swearing and blood but blood can be turned off. Over all it's perfectly fine for kids.
This year WWE 2K19 was excellent. The MyCareer storyline was nice, I like the new editions to universe (like choosing a winner when simulating) and the graphics are awesome! I also really enjoy doing the 2K towers but I still haven't completed The AJ Styles Million Dollar Tower. Also try the Daniel Bryan Showcase edition.
This game is fine for kids to play. There is some splatters of red pixels that are classed as "blood" but it really isn't that harmful for kids. Some may say that the women are showing "a bit too much" but I argue that the men are wearing the same type of clothes as the women. Honestly, the game is fun, enjoyable and pretty easy to play. There are also other cool modes like a career path, big heads and backstage brawls. I'd say that this is the perfect gift for kids over 8.
This is an awesome game especially with your friends and not too violent, you can turn the blood off in setting if that is what you are worried about other then that you should be good with the violence
Very good game, with a massive roster full of stars from then, now and forever with a Daniel Bryan showcase where u recreate his best matches, there is also a career mode where u create your own superstar and go through from high school gyms to Wrestlemania. So the violence - the base of this game is violence however it’s not strong and is more wrestling violence with some punches - not serious. What Common Sense Media didn’t tell you is that with the blood, in settings you can turn it off. The stronger violence is in the extreme rules match types where you can hit your opponent with weapons like kendo sticks, baseball bats, chairs and more but it still isn’t that bad and it doesn’t zoom in and show the hit, and it doesn’t look very realistic anyway. There is barely any language, just in mycareer. Nothing to worry anyone 12 and over. Great game.
nice game
this game is not the best but