 it’s pretty damn fun. you can play online, make friends in the lobby, and do missions with them. there’s also those quick matches but i don’t play those so i have nothing to say about those. you can also play offline but obviously only do the missions solo. i just hate how easy it is to complete the game because like once you complete the missions and train under every master (my first was sasuke, yuck lmfao) the only thing to do is play the matches (all that online stuff) and/or keep redoing the missions. and it’s even more boring if you’re a loner like me and you have no choice but to do the missions by yourself. ALSO i always have my voice chat on and i don’t think anybody uses it (unless someone invites you to an xbox party i guess) so that sucks :(
The PEGI Rating is overrated
sexy/swearing
Ac Odyssey 13+
mature 8 year olds or just 11 yos
It depends on your child
Assassin's Creed Odyssey review
Still Assassin's Creed, makes you feel like a Spartan
Best AC game yet
I'd say 13+
It's ok for 14 and up
Amazing game, but not for everyone.
Gore
AC Odyssey is a perfect game to learn something and have fun along the way!
It's Good.
OK
Perfect
Malaka
Another Protective Common Sense Mishap
Of course the game has a bit of profanity but the sensuality is not even seen and of few of the statues are nude but it's not like they don't see that kind of stuff in a history Classroom. And of course there is blood but you can turn it off in the setting there for making it a 12+. And a little bonus is a bit of a history lesson.
There are a lot of violent scenes in the duration of the game that are pretty gory. Example: the first cutscene shows a Greek soldier getting stabbed through the mouth with a spear. Though you can turn off the blood for in game violence, you cannot skip these gory cutscenes. There is also plenty of cussing through the game.
For this game I don't think kids under 12 or 11 should play it because it has a lot of swearing in it and sometimes there are options where you can go behind the scenes and have s*x but its behind the scenes so you don't actually see the thing happening. Plus the game doesn't actually tell us what "Malaka" means I would say it means Oh my god or F**k or something I don't know but if you think you know reply to my comment. Also it has some very bloody violence but I don't think its to much blood. But otherwise its fun to explore in it and enjoy the missions the graphics and of course the view and the story. But I strictly do not!... Recommend you to play this game if you do not like sexy stuff or at least don't click on the options!
I have played both the main story and the DLC In this game you will see