 is heard in dialogue.
Has pretty good role models and messages about killing people to get what you want.
Not recomended for ages below 13. Not only because of violence, swearing and mild sex references, but also because it can sometimes be very hard and challenging. A 10 year old might get frustrated.
It's a gory game with detailed fighting scences and a lot of stabbing, punchure wounds, their is some sexual refrences if theirs a scene where you have gay sex no nudity show its just implied, if you or your child has youtube its no worse or goes to school their is cussing and use of thegreek swear word malaka
First of all, assassins creed odyssey is not the typical assassins creed game that we've all come to love, and hate, over the years. It is basically a rpg(Role playing game) with an assassins creed vibe to it. Role models and positive messages: Does this game include role models or positive messages? No, not really. One of the features added to odyssey that's new in the franchise, is the ability to choose between different responses to questions or actions to take place in the game(These choices have an effect on the game). This means that the protagonist(Alexios or Kassandra) can either turn out better or worse depending on the choices chosen by the player. But all in all the protagonist does kill enemies for revenge. Violence: There is a lot of violence in this game some of it brutal some of it less brutal. During some cutscenes there is very brutal violence, eg. in the first cutscene in the game a spear is thrust through a person's throat, which is actually not that bad in comparison to the first cutscene in assasins creed origins. There is a lot of fighting and, though not as much as in previous assasins creed games, still some stealthy combat. One thing to note is that blood can be turned off in the settings menu. Language: There is frequent swearing, containing words like f*ck, f*cking, sh*t and mal?ka(Greek for "damn it"). Sex: To be honest, the sex in this game is minimal. Some of the dialogue options allow you to make love with npc's, but this is very infrequent and is taken off screen. The only other thing is statues portraying naked people. Would i recommend? Definitely. Some people may find the rpg element in this game boring or overdone, but personally I like the fact that you have to grind for good loot and have different options for skills. Sure, it takes a lot of side quests and exploring to get to a high enough level to be able to do main quests, etc. But I don't think anybody under the age of 13 would be fully able to appreciate the game the way teens and adults would. It's a beautiful game with an enormous amount of time that can be spent playing it.
Gore and blood is very prevenlant and a lot of language but a