 some terrifying jump scares, creepy robots, and since this is in be it makes this 10 times as creepy. Let me give you some examples why fnaf is... a little bit disturbing 1: Circus Baby (an animatronic) scoops (witch means kills somone and takes there skin 2: The bite of 87: So, basicly, there’s this boy names Michael and kills his brother by show omg his head into freddys head 3: The “vibe” of the game: The “mood” of this game is creepy. Lets take Music Man for an example. His creepy “radio” voice, and his... I just don’t no how to explain it. It’s... Uncomfortable Anouther thing is that I want to talk about is the jump scares. They are very uncomfortable and made my friend cry and have nightmares. They are very scary... Ok that’s it :0
I don't think that this should be rated 15+ but I really love this game and I think even 8 yr olds can handle this ( well the ones I know can).
it's too good!! YOU can't hate it!!!it's got VR modes of the ferst 3 games and way more!!Way too good for FNaF and VR fans!!!!!!!!!!!
common sense its not 15 plus it ok for 9 year olds cause its not that scary
This is one of the best entries in the fnaf series! It is scary and the lore just make the game scarier. It is very violent, I say no one under 13 should play this, but it is great!
I've been a pretty big FNAF fan since I was eight and when I got this game on console I was super exited! my 8 year old sister was also very interested so of course I let her play. the reviews here are very incorrect about ages up to 17+! my sister played this game without getting scared. this game is fun and would highly recommend for everyone in your family!
I got this game for the PS VR which I got the VR headset and this game as a bundle. I gotta say as a Five Nights at Freddy's fan, this has to be one of the best FNaF games in the series! Everything from the mini games is really fun to play in! I recommend ages 12 and up to play this game, since some mini games such as Night Terrors can be a little scary to handle and play in, but it could be a fun VR game to play for the family. This game is great to play if you're into the FNaF series just like me. Overall, this game is fun to play and I hope there will be more content the developers will make into this game.