 very good game all around. I say 14~16+
Being a long time fan of assassins creed, I was surprised at how fun and historically accurate, as well as well as educational this game is. Your kid can LEARN A LOT from this game. My favorite part of history is Ancient Greece as well as the Peloponnesian war. I learned SO much from this game about ancient Greece; from Greek gods to historical figures, including Pericles and Herodotus, not to mention all the places you can explore freely. This game is so accurately recreated it is amazing. Anyways, I think that letting your kid or teen play this is a great idea. They can learn a lot and explore ancient Greece in no other way possible. -Blood is able to be turned off -Sex Scenes are referenced when your character closes a door and the screen goes black. -Nudity is on statues; including breasts and penises. -Alcohol is only mentioned with wine making and drunk people appear in the game. (Though not often). -Game has a unique combat system. You need to time attacks and time parrys as well as dodges. -Story. I come to the AC for the story it tells of historical events and makes it educational and interesting. You always want to know more and continue on the main story. -Side quests. Along the way you can help people in need. From a gullible farmer, to city leaders your character helps all sorts of people. Something that promotes a good role model. That was my review of AC Odyssey! Hopefully you found something in this helpful and informative.
If you have had the Talk, heard swearing before, and watched any PG-13 action movie before this game is great.
I Love It. The Violence Is Not Bad But There is Blood. Language Not Heard Frequently. Its Also Kid Freindly Because It Inspires Children To Do Parkour As You Can Zipline And Jump. It Teaches Children To Be Fit And Overcome Their Fears. Get Your Child It If You Want Them To Be Successful. Assasains Creed: Origins, That Game Is The One That Turns Children Into Antisocial Psychopaths.
It's pretty much ok, you can if turn off blood and gore in the settings, just a bit of swearing, no nudity, except for a giant statue in the stat of the game, but overall fine
My dad plays this game and just from watching, I have realized that there is nothing bad but the blood and language
While the violence is intense blood can be turned off under blood fx in settings and also malaka means w*nker
This game is amazing. The nudity is minuscule except for the statues but i’m sure if your child has been to a history museum than i’m sure they won’t be very new to this. In terms of cursing there is more cursing in your average pre-teens school day than throughout the play through. I haven’t ever encountered sexual content in this game and I doubt i will. This is a fun