 Exceptional historical fiction
You can turn blood off
Terrible game
Love it
Step into the Animus and enter Ancient Greece NOW!
Good for kids
Great game
Assassin's Creed Odyssey *Bloody* Violent, But good
One of my favorites
Here’s why.
This fun historical fiction is by far (as a experienced gamer) my favorite video game and is a truly amazing ancient action game! Combat can be taken stealthy, or you can go swords a blazing, both options are equally disturbing. Combat is gory, graphic, and includes large splashes of blood. When players kill enemies using stealth there are graphic bloody images shown on screen of knifes, swords etc. Stabbed through heads, waists, and other body parts. Other violence includes large scale battles, burning body's, and many other examples. I could write an entire essay on the violence in Assassin's Creed Odyssey but I'll save you the time and skip that. Other inappropriate qualities include: sexual content, and heavy swearing in dialogue. Though the game is violent and heavy on swearing characters are honorable, inspiring, and often do the right thing. I don't think anyone under 16 years old should play this game. Have fun and game on!
It’s a very fun game, which is not very violent at all once you turn off blood fx (which I would recommend for anyone under 12) There is nothing “inappropriate” shown or described, although your character can flirt with another.
It’s fine for kids 12 and up but if your parents don’t let you buy it don’t bother begging it’s awful
I am a big fan of AC games and was super excited for this game to come out. I was surprised by how beautiful the world was and the ease of play. Your character and along with others use the the words sh*t and f*ck. There is some sexual innuendo, but you choose how you respond. It is very violent and you kill a lot of people and you can even kill civilians. Every time you kill someone a big pool of dark red blood appears. It is a great game and is a lot of fun to play.
Hello parents, I have been playing this game for at least ten hours now and I think it is beautiful. You start off in the game playing as Leonidas, the Spartan king. This opening battle can be very gruesome. As you spam the attack button because of fear for your life, you bash enemies, shove them to the ground, throw them, and even stick Leonidas's spear through their torso's! Later in the game, you are given the freedom of choosing a descendant of Leonidas to play as. You can choose the female descendant, Kassandra, or the male descendant, Alexios. Keep in mind that you will not be able to change which descendant you want to play as later in the game. In terms of violence, there is a lot. Players can impale guards, shoot them with a bow, slash at them with swords, and slice their throat's. A new feature in Assassin's Creed Odyssey that Ubisoft has brought