 to us is that you can now kill innocent people freely. You must keep in mind that they will curse and brutally attack you if you choose to go GTA 5 mode on them. There is also TONS of cursing. In a side mission, you will come face-to-face with the "Cyclops" of Kephallonia. When you meet him he is drowning an older sailor named Barnabas. In this scene, the "Cyclops" will curse extremely loudly. Thanks for reading my review!
What is this, there is zero sex, offscreen sex scenes, naked statues, we look at many naked statues in museums. So why should we be worrying about these naked statues. There is violence and gore but I'm sure 14 year old kids and above can handle it. Since most of the bad language is the greek bad word, I shouldn't say. Your kid won't understand it.
It is not a bad game, neither are any other assassin's creed games. You can turn some options off, like blood and gore. Not bad game let your kids play it.
Get it now, it’s an amazing, immersive game with a beautiful land scape. The game does have a lot of gore but it isn’t as bad as the ratings say
Assassin's Creed Odyssey is a great game, a hard grind but really fun. The game is you in the Peloponnesian war (300). There are big bloody battles but not to bad, and fun to fight. A interesting story (After you grind a bit). Lots of things to do and see (I.E. caves), with really beautiful graphics and backdrop. Fun navel combat, that can get old after a while (But after a while it is fun again). Interesting character development that you control (If you but to be a psyco killer or a hero you can). Interesting facts and some lessons to be taught as well. Overall yeah this game is very violent, but there is a very charming and peaceful world to explore as well.
Assassin's Creed has always been a hit or miss series. Some bad ones being Syndicate, Liberation, and, in my opinion, the first one. I really enjoyed Assassin's Creed Origins so I was quick to preorder Odyssey. When I got it, I was more than excited. I entered in my code for Xbox and it began downloading. When I finally got onto the game, I was surprised by how expansive the world was and how gorgeous it looked. The controls are great and the combat is quite satisfying. Stealth combat was always my way to go and stealth is easily the best way to play the game. One note, while the game doesn't use a lot of profanity, it does feature a lot of gore. Blood sprays everywhere when you perform a takedown and blood does get onto you mask or helmet sometimes. Assassin's Creed Odyssey was the game I was anticipating the most and when I got it, it was amazing. Definitely worth it.
It’s not as “bad” as is described.
It's a great game
Best Mario