 Party in 12 years!
Fun for the whole family (Waluigi time again.)
good for older kids
Party Game For Families and Friends
Nice
Super Mario Party
This is a great game!
Fun and creative
Nothing Bad About It
No cars
Great game for kids.
Best Mario Party since the GameCube games
I love how it is a game with 100+ games inside it! Sure, maybe most of the are minigames, but this is awesome! I love the theme ( which is clearly party!) If you have a Nintendo switch, you should definitely get this game!
By removing the car mechanic from Mario Party 9 and 10, they really fixed this game. Only 4 boards and limited online is disappointing but in general it’s very fun! It’s also 100% family friendly, if your kid is somehow disturbed by this then they have issues. DLC might come out to fix said issues by the way!
Super Mario Party is like the older Mario Parties, A board game into a video game!, You can pick any character that is AVAIBLE.
sometimes the mini games are boring but this game is good
I understand that every family has their own values that the follow and I respect that. This review is only meant to guide you with a non-biased perspective following the Australian Classification Criteria. Violence: 1/5 Very mild violence including jumping on cartoon characters and being flattened by boulders, no character is shown to be hurt, except for stars flying around head. Themes: 1/5 The only problem may be that at the end of each party, a cartoon wizard flies across the screen and places a curse on some spaces, though it does nothing except make you lose coins and stars. Language: 0/5 No bad language. Bad language is represented by various symbols such as #@$%!. Nudity: 0/5 No nudity or revealing clothing. Sex: 0/5 No sex or sexual references. Dug Use: 0/5 The only questionable thing is that characters eat different kinds of mushrooms for power-ups. Super Mario Party is a great game for your children to play on a rainy day when they have their cousins or fiends over. I hope this review was helpful.
It is very well done but it does get a little boring after a while.
Super Mario Party is a ok family game. Mario kart is better take less time. It is a good family game.
Super Mario Party is a great game to play in 4-players. I think the idea with the Board game is cool. It's fun to play and collect Minigames.
This game is a great video game to play with friends. It encourages teamwork (especially the rafting game) and more movement than other Mario games (mostly just arm and wrist movements). Be careful not to swing your remote too hard and hit someone while playing though! Super Mario Party is fun and has a lot of variety in terms of types of mini games.
thats all i'm gonna say
Very aesthetically pleasing for kids and minigames are suitable for kids. Controls aren't very hard to remember, games are straight forward and fun!
/Honestly, when this