 game was first announced, I thought it would basically be 1 2 Switch: Super Mario Edition. Although it only has 4 boards, I hope some may be added as DLC in the future. Online was very disappoiting but... oh well! The reason I say 8+ is because in one of the minigames it features a sleeping wiggler (a large centipede-type thing) which each character takes there turn in petting. However, after a number of turns, the wiggler will wake up and turn red and angry THAT SCARED ME AND I'M 12! I can imagine it must be terrifying for younger children SO WHY DID PEGI RATE THIS GAME A 3?
Cute RPG Game
why did they gave big boobs and asses to this game.
it really fun and lets kids be creative
MapleStory 2 is a "kawaii" RPG game that has adorable avatars, missions, guilds, minigames, and much more. The reason I put "Sexy Stuff" is because of of the avatars outfits MAY look skimpy. I put swearing and privacy concerns because in the chat people may swear and invade your privacy so...be careful!
my friend tried out ms2 and saw a thief's ass. That was his first and last time he touched the game.
it really fun and lets kids be creative explore the a world and have fun i realy like it
Forza Horizon 4
Really fun unique racing game
Educational or no?
The best car game ever!
Really good for all ages
Very Fun But Hard
Great game
10+ ???????
Not quite as good as Forza Horizon 3
Inspires you!
Excellent racing game for anyone!
Amazing game
If the chi
If you can play it, you`re old enough.
Very good for younger kids
Awesome Game
Great Animations
It's a great game to fiddle with, great graphics enhance it.
Awesome game
Forza Horizon 4 is a driving &amp; racing simulation game, with outstanding graphics. I play this game, and have been playing for a while. I give this game a rating of 7+ because it needs some skill to drive the vehicles, and some basic mental calculations need to be made. CONS: In Forza, illegal driving (drag racing, destroying public property, crashing other drivers, etc.) is existent, and somewhat encouraged. XP and points will be awarded for things like "TRADING PAINT", "GREAT WRECKAGE", and similar things. HOWEVER, although you can crash into other cars, no damage is dealt to the driver. No matter WHAT happens, the driver won't DIE, or even take DAMAGE. I PROS: In Forza Horizon 4, patience and perseverance is REQUIRED in order to gain influence, money and top scores in races. It takes TIME to work up to buy expensive, and luxurious cars. I would COMPLETELY recommend Forza Horizon 4 to ANYONE.
This is by far the best racing game out there. I was convinced nothing could beat Forza Horizon 3, but this takes what was so good about FH3, and improves on it, adding in other awesome things. You can drive pretty much any car you wish, even your own! From Land rovers to Lambos, this game has so much diversity, and is completely open world with pretty much no