 where you can’t go. It has amazing DLC like Lego, but does have a lot of good and varied micro transactions, but they stack up to be a large price tag. Literally anyone from around the age of 7 or 8 can pick up this game, get the hang of it, and have a hell of a lot of fun. This game has so much content and features no one even asked for! But it all works so well. Do not wait. Get a copy right away if you don’t have one, This game is just a huge polished playground full of Ferrari’s, ready to ben played in!
Forza horizon 4 is a game with many features. Such as driving, customizing and tuning your car, there are also hundreds of cars to choose from. Unlike the Forza motorsport saga Horizon is a free roam game. But is it educational? My answer would be yes. In this game use get to see all of your cars parts that you put in it. If you are one of the people that do role plays you will actually learn to start driving without realizing. You will figure out how to stop. What lane to stay in while going straight or turning. With the customization part of the game you can make good drag, race, drift, and off road cars. Kids will also see different types of tires and body styles like a body kit. This will open there imagination and love the game. But it can get boring after a while. But that's why you go to xbox groups to meat a new friend! I mainly drift. But you really should let your kids play this game. It also has no violence, racism, sex, drugs. Some people in the game can be older and not like kids but that's why you find a friend to stay with them.
This game called forza horizon 4 you can get it for free with xbox gamepass but you have to pay every month it has real cars not fake cars like Stuttgart bwm these ares in greenwhile witch is in roblox real people it has races storys its not bad
The game is easy and lots of fun. Plus the online gaming is safe for everyone! Meand my friends love playing Forza horizon 4 and if you don’t you need to.
I play this game and it is one of my favoriets. The only reason I said 7 plus is because it is quite skill demanding if you want to make lots of credits.
Has many great features and unless you are friends with someone on Xbox live they can't see your name etc.
First of all why is this game rated 10+. There is no violence, no swearing. The only reason i rated this 7+ because I don't think 5 year olds will understand the purpose of this game. The graphics in the game are really good. Also its pretty easy to play even if you have no experience with any