 racing games. I would highly recommended for you not to play on a keyboard.
Forza Horizon 4 is an open world racing game where you can do races, jump off danger signs and hit new speed records in Great Britain PROS While in my opinion I think it is not as good as Forza Horizon 3, I can't ignore the fact the it has a MUCH bigger colletion of cars, better graphics, and a bigger map... CONS ...but there are also downsides. Forza Horizon 4 has worse online modes, worse music, worse car sounds, and a much less interesting and diverse map than Forza Horizon 3. Conclusion While it is a good game in its own right, it didn't keep me as captivated as Forza Horizon 3. I advise you to save your money and buy Forza Horizon 3 instead.
Really great game with an open world of imagination! Drive, buy, and collect cars! Learn about Britain and explore unique landmarks! There is no use of drugs or alcohol and no swearing that I’ve heard. This is a great world to drive in!
This is an amazing adaption for the already successful Forza franchise of racing games. Here you can take control of 685 different cars and drive your way through an excellently paced campaign of racing series and showcase events. While there is some mild violence (cars flipping over, game rewards for reckless driving), it is far tamer than say Burnout or GTA 5. The game even offers some historical educational value. Many of the stories present highlight and teach players about the automotive culture and the evolution of car designs, companies, and their successes as well as their failures. Excellent game to check out! The Forza series is what drove my interest in cars, and the same might just happen to you!
The graphics are probably the best graphics in a car game ever and it’s really feels like the locations have had a lot of work put into them I would recommend it for people that like dirt racing and on road racing games.
I think you can play it at any age
It's very family friends and if you want to introduce your kid(s) to a beginner, non-violent game, this is what you're looking for. Some downsides to having really young kids are the controls take a bit of time to master. Be aware of toxic players inviting you, but you can't hear/interact with plays without accepting an invite to a party first. There is chat but they're basic presets like "Nice Race" or "Catch me if you can". No swearing is present.
I think Forza is the best game series. With 12 different versions (Motorsport 1-7, Horizon 1-4, and street) they have nailed it. the 4K realistic graphics, HD audio, and lifelike handling makes it such an amazing game. there's no explicit content (cursing, drugs, sex, alcohol) so its a great game for people of any age. I would definitely recommend it. you can get add on packs for cars and places