 BEST FNAF GAME
Good, but terrifying
Not Bad
Really good, and scary.
LOVED IT
The scariest game I’ve ever played
horrifying and difficult
Scary at first
Great Game
M for muture
i was going to say 9+ but since all the series of the fnaf games is a 12+ and plus this is fnaf vr were talking about i'd say its a 12+ not only its vr but characters from fnaf 4 are a bit more scary cause of their face and sharpness... yes fnaf 4 characters are in the fnaf vr game. im sticking with 12+
I bought the Nintendo switch version of the game, and I expected it to be somewhat less scary than the VR version. I was absolutely wrong. This game tries to scare you every chance it gets. Even the cupcake is out to get you. If you're a parent, and your child is interested in the series, start them off with the first one.
Cool
I think its a really good game! Lots of fun to play and really spooky! I do think it might be too scary for kids under the age of 12. The difficulty depends a lot on which of the many minigames you play, with FNAF 2 being the easiest and Vent repair being the hardest in my opinion. Big reccomendation!
This game made by Scott Cawthon has made one of the best games I've ever played!! unlike the storyline of fnaf 4 it is just the game with all of the other games together and have a different story. Although, getting the game was a lot of money, it was worth it. (watch out for the halloween and christmas easter eggs!)
The reason why I gave this game the rating of 13 and up is because I honestly don’t think that anyone younger would be able to handle the terror. But Besides that it is a great game and I highly recommend it.
im a very huge fan of fnaf and this game made me scream , but its worth it for the story, stunning visuals and absolutely scary jumpscares. although some levels can be quite difficult for example the [spoiler][spoiler][spoiler] plushbaby level can be quite frustrating and annoying although when you beat it , you feel amazing. so i think kids can play it if their 12+ at least 10 but that may be to young.
It's scary at first but once you get used to the play style it's easy and not spooky in the slightest
I think it's a great game that any kid can play, it's all not real anyways. Plus they'll have to have parents with them, as a three year old can't put on a VR headset by themselves or anything.
To much First it is vr which means that the kid might actually think it's real 80% violence looks like you are there
A masterpiece
Wow. Total War Three Kingdoms is total wars BEST release yet. It has no blood,and it is so facinating and is a great oppportunity to learn about this period in chinese history. It does take a while to