 Not a bad game to return to in the franchise
Fun for everyone!
Perfect open-world game!
good for kids
Amazing Game!
Really fun game.
Really good! - It shouldn't say that the game is for 10+
Forza Horizon
da beast
Whoop woop!
I lost my respect.
ITS AWESOME
Honestly one of the best game I've ever played.
Best freeroam racing game
A masterful open-world racer.
Awesome racing game with no problems
This is my first Forza Horizon since the original, but definitely have played it to death nonetheless. Game has endless amount of cars and tasks to keep you occupied. As for the rating I would definitely not rate this E for everyone even with the Lego expansion. First off the music is a hella suggestive, 2nd. The driving is all over the place and even required that way at times. 3rd, design grahpics can come in a wide variety of themes.
Nothing inappropriate and in most games it makes you pay for things with real cash and you expect to end up having to pay for the cars with real money, surprisingly you don’t and you use the in-game currency and that to me is the best feature! It has really good stories and it’s really realistic the characters know how to say your name (with their voice not just written) and honestly creds to the game makers became this game is really advanced!
Its a great game, there are so many possibilities and ways you can spend your time! You can race, customize cars, or just explore the map! It can be a little complicated for young kids because of all the upgrades and tuning aspects, but besides that, its a great game!
it is good for kids to understand the driving wold and to understand the laws of driving and just let them have fun in the game and they don't need to panic about getting caught speeding
So, I, my dad, and my sister (who is 3) LOVE THIS GAME! We bought the game and XBox One S in December 2018, we put in our code turned it on, and WE LOVED IT! But cars can crash and break and in camera mode (LB) u can fix your car (also with LB).
Very quality game. I've only played this one game from the horizon series, but I also have motorsport 7. Both great games but lets move on to horizon. Great game graphics are fair for this time. Humans don't look the 5 star best they could possibly look but cars and nature look the best. If your into free roam racing games where you can go to races in almost any car of your choice that you own and zoom through the streets do donuts or just go 260mph on open highways this a great game for you. There's seriously no violence other then you can go extremely fast and then ram in to other cars. There's no blood, just crashes that will usually send the car you rammed into go spinning off the road. It is impossible to kill or injure humans. There are humans