 but they are always behind something you can not get past. You can buy houses with in-game money. There are micro-transactions but they are not needed to go free roam in hundreds of miles. If you like a lot of racing and aren't sure what game to buy this is a great game that is waiting for you in most stores that sell almost anything. It also may encourage crashing into other cars or buildings. Also in-game chatting is not rated and can be mean or inappropriate. Otherwise game on and have fun!
Although there is a little bit of an issue with the online chat, that is something that isn't required to be used. This game is pretty easy to adapt to - using the controls and such - but you shouldn't go hating on it! I'd proudly give this to a five - or even a four year old kid - they wouldn't have any problem with it!
Fun but some glitches here and there. The Forza people (Anna, the mechanic dude) are sometimes funny and motivate you which is nice. But it can be grinding depending who you are.
it is da best
Woop woop such a good game. Story mode is cool. Woop wooooooop!
If you buy a house that forces you to buy for free you can edit you avatar but there is a category in it called Emotes. I'm pissed off. I'm ashamed that it was in my Xbox One S bundle. Go play previous games from Forza series. Instead of this lame racing game in the series because of emotes.
I think this is the best game i have ever played.
Absolutely amazing. The ratio of good to bad things about this game is crazy. The graphics are amazing, the car choice is immense, the races are fun, progression is actually compelling, the tuning and paint editor is fantastic and easy to use. the only bad thing I can think of is sometimes there will be audio glitches where the car will make the sound of a constant rev, even when idling, or the car will be completely silent. this is rare though and doesn't actually change gameplay. overall this game will provide you with hundreds of hours of entertainment and you will always be able to find something to do.
MANY NICE
Forza Horizon 4 is the latest in the 13-year running Forza Motorsport series, a critically-acclaimed racing simulator series with a beautiful car collection. Since 2012, the Forza Horizon series has been going, and it's a complete change-up from the normal Forza series. The 4th one is one of the best open-world games ever released, this coming from an 11-year-old car fanatic who doesn't have an Xbox One to play this on, mind you. Horizon 4 has many new features, the most notorious being rotating dynamic seasons, purchasable (a CASTLE for lord's sake!), 450+ cars to choose from, and character customization. It also takes place in Britain, where as previously stated, you can buy a freaking castle. You can also