 run a car rental business, star as a stunt driver for local movies, and play with up to 100 players in an online server. So far, the only game to supply players with the ability to play with 100 people is Fortnite, and I hate Fortnite with all of my heart. Horizon 4 also can ignite a passion for cars in whoever plays it. There's over 450 as well, so your kid will never get bored. All of this is coming from someone who doesn't even have an Xbox One to play this for themselves. That is a testament to how mind-blowingly good this game is. An overall 10.
Beautiful graphics and wonderful gameplay.
Absolutely amazed, a big (and tiny in astro bot terms) hit!
Fun game for the family!
THIS IS SOOO GOOD AND I LOVED IT!
Fun platformer for VR beginners
This game is the best VR game I have ever played. There are so many hidden animations, the levels are amazingly brain training puzzles. You also use tools from your dual shock 4 controller, and defeat different enemies in different ways. The bosses are not too scary, and are fairly challenging. You have to move and lean your body at certain points to see Little astro. There are also challenge levels you unlock when you find the chameleon in a level. If your looking for a family friendly, fair game, this is it for you.
It's a fun little game that even adults can enjoy! The only reason I could think it would be scary is the bosses. It shows a heroic bot needing your help to save the other bots.
It is a AMAZING game with a cool story for VR! Some bits may be a lil' scary for younger kids because it is pretty lifelike! The bots r soooo cute and you journey through diffrent worlds to retreive your little bot friends - taken by da evil alien!
This game is very good for young kids! It is a simple platformer (similar to something of the Mario Bros series) and uses VR to immerse yourself into the cute world. You control a tiny robot on a quest to save his robot friends and repair a ship. The environments and levels are very colorful and the robots are very expressive, they dance and make cheerful noises and are overall extremely cute. The game while simple is a great experience, especially for those dwelling into Virtual Reality!
Great game with a slight difficulty spike
Solid modern Mega Man game.
This game is a solid addition to the Mega Man franchise. This game really brought back the series, and it is actually one of the best Mega Man games (In my opinion). It is extremely difficult to play in some harder modes, and beginners should play as newcomers or easy players. The violence is not bad, because it's just robots.
Parents need to know that this game is in 3-D(That means the violence is relatively more extreme), and that the game is still pretty hard. Other than that, there's really nothing