 left to say. It's a good game with a good selection of robot masters. Also, it has good voice acting.
This is the all new next instalment in the original mega man series. And the blue bomber has never looked better. The story is exactly the same as the others, Wily uses robots to kill mega man, robots fail so Wily fights himself...… and loses. But the eight new robot masters all have really neat designs. My favorite being Bounce Man and his stage. It has you learn how to bounce along, up, and down the walls and the stage itself as you make your way to him. If you loved the first ever mega man game, there is a potential link you can make to the original robot masters such as Blast Man and Bomb Man, or Torch Man and Fire Man. But the real star of this game is the new double gear system. With the speed gear mega man gains a lot of speed as everything around him slows down, the only down side of the speed gear is that it puts mega man in slow motion for moving and jumping, but you can but a special item to speed him up. With the power gear mega man gains a huge power boost. Charging long enough lets him shoot two fully charged shots. And all robot master weapons get a boost as well, the best is Tundra Man's tundra tornado. With the power gear it covers the entire screen (does not guarantee an insta kill for every enemy). But if he gets hit even once, he loses his charge on his buster. But if mega man loses enough health he can activate the actual double gear mechanic in which he gets a speed and power boost. When his charge reaches full he unleashes a devastating shot that does a lot of damage. The only thing that could improve is a playable Proto Man and Bass which could be coming as possible dlc. Overall this game has some fun new mechanics, and some likable robot masters and weapons. In a score of 1-10 this game gets an 8.5 and a 4 star.
This game is really fun!
I liked this game a lot it wasn't to innapropriate besides in Rolling Thunder 2 this girl is naked but besides that there's nothing to bad but you are killing people in Rolling Thunder 1 and 2 and there's a little bit of gore in Splatterhouse.
Dragon Ball Rumble!!
stolen from esrb lol
Fun
Oh the hype!!!
KameHameHaa!!
This game is a great fighter.
Fun!
The best Dragon Ball game yet!
£45 streetfighter
fighting
This game is great! I have it on my Xbox One and it's a fun, action-packed, great Dragon Ball Game! There is some cartoon violence with energy used as a defense measure and many punches and kicks since most of them are martial artists. Android 21 is the only character (And yes, she's a girl.) who shows cleavage. There's mild language (damn,dammit,bastard,hell) and potty language/insults (crap,idiot,moron,stupid,pathetic,etc.) , but nothing too serious.