 Goku and his friends show leadership skills when fighting and show the importance of family, what's yours, friends, and teamwork. Overall, great game for older kids!
This is a fighting game in which players compete in three-person tag-team battles using the characters and events from the Dragon Ball universe. Characters punch and kick each other while also using blasts/beams/balls of energy to defeat opponents. Battles can be fast-paced and frenetic, with frequent impact sounds, light effects, and cries of pain. Cutscenes also depict instances of violence (e.g., several explosions; characters vaporized by energy beams). The game contains some suggestive material: a female character wearing a low-cut top that reveals large amounts of cleavage; character descriptions/tags, such as "Old Pervert" and "Sexy and I Know It." The words “ass” and “bastard” appear in the dialogue.
Originally, I started playing with my ex and fell in love with it. If you're going to make a game about a classic anime, you have to do it right. And this game did it right.
Dragon Ball FighterZ goes back to the series's old routes with 2D landscapes and side scrolling beat em up action. The game is pretty violent but animated. Characters use magical attacks, energy blasters, kicks, punches and a few more. When characters are defeated, they are shown bruised with mild blood patches, nothing too graphic. Cries of pain are heard and impact of attacks is over the top. Language is mild and infrequent: "@$$". Sexuality isn't graphic, but is suggestive. Lewd and childish jokes are sometimes heard but moderate. Characters clothing gets torn during battles exposing female's buttocks (partially and barely).
I love this game, and I am absolutely amazed by the depth of the fighting, story, and the overall game. I did notice that they use profanity on a common basis. This game was quite easy for me to learn and pick up. The controls are simple, and so is changing the settings. It was not too violent, just some cartoony violence. I suggest this game if you like the series.
Based off the widely popular anime/manga series DRAGON BALL, Dragon Ball FighterZ lives up to the hype and gives fans a great game to play. It is a fighter game, so it does have a hard learning curb, but comparative to other fighting games, it is pretty easy to learn. There is a bit of anime violence, but it is never excessive. Overall, this game is really fun to play and the story is great. Players can play online, but they can't communicate. This game is based off a popular anime series though, and two characters show cleavage.
Cool animations and combos!
A must have for dragon ball fans, the first battle helps you to understand the controls, and the game actually has an original villain with non repetitive game play. I highly recommend it!
I put 18 and up because I don't think it is fit for having whatever your age I got this for my birthday for xbox 1, my dad says it cost £45