 Its Amazing
epicccccccccccc
Other FIFAs were better
FIFA 19 IS A LIT GAME
AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Banned me from the transfer market?!
Good game. Lots of in-game purchases though.
Awful
One of the worst games out on the market bad game
I think this game is easy once you get the hang of it like accurate passing\shooting
FIFA is getting worse and worse every year. The developers are constantly making content mistakes. The only reasons I think it is 11+ 1. Consumerism - Many users are Pay To Win and your child may be encouraged to buy FIFA Points for real money to open packs. 2. Maturity - FIFA's gameplay is not the best, so if your child is not mature enough to handle a loss whether it was fair or unfair, then I wouldn't recommend this game. I hope FIFA 20 is better.
Listen yeah so i was playing with ac milan and i thought that i was going to lose but then obviously cos the creator of fifa is a real g still i won cos i'm lit at fifa still and man won the game like 10-4 against some next up team like liverpool or someting. But still, mandem should check out the game unless you are an o t bot.
FIFA19 is the best game ever
They banned me from the transfer market for no apparent reason whatsoever. Every year FIFA come up with these new ideas of adding new modes to their game like the journey, fut draft, fut champions. But they possibly have the worst servers in video game history! All they care about is money. If you don't win many games then to win you have to pay them money to buy fifa points and coins. The fact that the amount of fifa points is nothing compared to the amount of cash that just left your wallet! Some of my friends even told me that they spent more money on in-game purchases than for the actual game. And the game is £50! Don't end up wasting your money on such a trash game that doesn't improve every year. And be warned not to buy FIFA 20 as well. The FUT champions mode is so time consuming. You have to play so many games just to qualify and you have to win them! You can't win without having any "pack luck" or using real money to win. It's just pay to win basically. Once you get in you either have the laggiest servers where they quit you when your winning or the biggest tryhards in the planets. They have every player over 85 and none of my players are over 75.
Great game. No inapropraite content. You can end up spending a lot on the game though purchases is a big factor in the game. It is quite inspiring a shows that with motivation you can do anything in life.
Your house will be smashed up by a kid as it is THAT frustrating.
Don’t buy this game
Great Game (mild violence)
I've been playing this game for a while now, and I think