 it's really great! There's some mild violence, but not too much. This is a great strategy game, and will require the player to think about their moves! The graphics, and the controls are great aswell! Language is good for 8/9 and up.
The best online tcg you can find
12 plus?????
MTG Review by Bolas Fan
Seems like a lot of whine posts
I’ve been playing tabletop Magic the Gathering for many years, and this is the first online version which I actually liked. The gameplay is exactly the same as the original Magic the Gathering, and they have a intro for new players. New cards are added every time Wizard of the Coasts adds a new set (which is about every 3 months). There are some in-app purchase, but it is expected. Overall it’s a great game, especially if you are not able to play Magic the Gathering with your friends (for whatever reasons).
As a long time player of magic the gathering I think this is a good way to play Magic when there is no one else around to play with, and the microtransactions are easily avoidable
It seems violent in the pictures, but it does not show the actual creatures or planeswalkers attacking each other, it just shows the cards attacking. Also, the role models and messages are the planeswalkers who seem nice, such as Ajani, Vivien, Jace, etc. Great game, no debate the best trading card game.
MTG arena is a fun game and makes a complicated game like magic simpler for beginners. It is free which fixes many of the problems surrounding the somewhat static player base of mtg. I’ve been playing modern in paper for for 9 years and I will point out to many of the adult whine reviewers. Just because you lose doesn’t mean the game isn’t fair. There are many online databases of what the best decks are, use that. If you don’t want to play with other people’s decks then I’m sorry to say magic the gathering may not be for you unless you are able to lose.
Great Message for teens
Okay Game, Not Nearly As Good As The First Two
2 bros in the woods running from the cops
A good game!
Has violence and racism, and little gore. Mention of sex, drugs and alcohol as well.
Deep story telling but very mature
doesn’t deserve 18+
Best life is strange in the series
PLEASE GET THIS GAME, I'M BEGGING YOU
Best game
As the game is rated M it isn't the worst game and it really does tackle some hard topics like racism and what not which I can agree is a problem with society now. the game does have uses of [email protected]#$, S#@%,etc its nothing crazy no racial slurs or anything like that it does tackle many political things and because the main character is Mexican he is one that kind of gets treated like crap which I can agree is a problem now either with it being in schools or in public. as the game shows that life can be crap sometimes it