 learn all of the games mechanics, but once you know how to play it, its incredible.
One of the best games I’ve seen in a long while
Such a great game to play if your 15+ and love anything horror related then this is the game for you. In my opinion this game is absolutely amazing I love this game so much it’s got amazing horror scenes and great quality graphics and game play.
Great, but watch out for some gore.
This is one great update!
Warframe is a free to play 3rd person shooter that can get pretty gory at times. Violence 8/10: While it's only sci-fi violence, look out for some vary gory deaths. Players can cut enemies into pieces and there is plenty of blood spray. Language 3/10: sometimes there is an occasional mild cuss word, but not to much.
So I've been playing a lot of Warframe for two years now, and this is by far the most beautiful and well crafted update. Violence is still frequent but unlike the old versions with blood and gore, this update tunes down to just blood spurts. It's sometimes really hard to see, but you can switch off blood in the game's settings. Gambling and consumerism is still present (since this is free to play). Players are able to purchase in game currency, exclusive Tenno, exclusive loot packs and so on.
Astounding.
A great game
Slay the Spire is a rouge-like/RPG where you travel through a massive tower, refereed to as the spire, slaying enemies by playing cards. Wait... back up. You kill enemies by playing cards? Yes indeed! And the way the games mechanics are deigned work brilliantly! You play as 1 of 4 heroes and travel through the spire building a deck of cards (Somewhat similar to a Magic the Gathering) while using your deck to completely obliterate monsters that stand in your way. Each time you begin a run in an attempt to slay the spire, the paths are randomized and you get a blank slate for building a deck. This provides the need for players to adapt to new cards and new encounters each time they play. This game is very strategy heavy and may be difficult for younger players to attempt, but this game is so amazing and beautiful that maybe you should sit down with the younger audience who shows an interest and help them along in slaying the spire. This game is super easy to play (by this I mean the controls are really simple, but the game itself can be really tough at times), but at times can be violent... (I mean the point of the game is to kill monsters, the word SLAY is on the cover) However, the violence is cartoon-like and not very explicit. This is probably one of the best games I've ever played, and if you have not played it yet, go do it.
A great game the 10$ are completely worth it. It is a good idea to see if your parents have played it