 also goes to show a lot of the good things in life as well. The main character is a 16 year old boy and his little brother as I don't want to spoil anything but the relationship you get with your brother in game has a very positive message like no matter how annoying your little brother or life may be you just have to look on the bright side and be in a good relationship with younger or older siblings. I guess it really depends on how mature your child is because it has a serious topic with some jokes here and there it is a choice game which means if your child isn't very mature maybe he will steal or choose alternative methods but other than that its something that I believe every child at the age of 13 should start seeing some kids get depressed and as this shows sadness at some points it also shows the good in life as well and it made me feel something because I have been having a hard time lately but I because of this game I appreciate my life and the people around me more than I ever really have and I hope it also brings something out on your kids as well. Have a great Night/Day and I hope this has helped you decide to get it or not.
I was honestly dissapointed when I played this. The first two games are WAY better. This game was boring in comparison. I miss the Arcadia Bay characters, and although I wished we would get a Life Is Strange 2 with them, I was still ready to welcome new, exciting characters. The game itself is boring to me, and lacks the humor and charm that the original games did. It does show the strength of a brothers bond, and the importance of family. Sean can be either a good or bad role model for Daniel, depending on your choices. In the second episode there is a disturbing scene involving the dog, Mushroom, and in the later episodes, you see a bare chested woman and if you go skinny dipping,naked butts. There is also an underage optional sex scene, which shows them getting in the tent together, and then it fades to black, then showing them afterwards. There is swearing in it, racism shown against Esteban, Sean and Daniel because of their mexican heritage, alcohol and marijuana use, and violence. I'd say this game is a little bit more mature than the originals, but the originals were by far better. I do not reccomend this game to play.
This game is amazing, 2 bros from seattle trying to walk all the way to mexico, because the younger brother has a telekinesis power and accidentally killed 3 cops, his dad, and his idiotic neighbor. I feel this game has a great messege with crime, brotherhood, and life in the U.S.
This is a very decent title! I have not played the former titles in Life