 turn you off because if they’re in high school trust me they’ve heard plenty of language and drug references. So I would suggest this for ages 17 and up or a mature 15 year old.
This is the BEST game I have ever played. Life is strange 2 is a decision game so you can choose what you do and don’t do, there are some unavoidable mild drug scenes and a little bit of violence but because it’s mostly off camera it’s not explicit. It has great family messages and it’s REALLY easy to play. In the games there a 1 or 2 intense scenes but that’s about it, it’s rated R because of interactive drug use but that’s all avoidable thanks to the decision making feature. Even the sex scene is avoidable. Parents this should NOT be rated R (18+). (The bad part is the swearing)
This game has amazing story, where you play as an older brother who has a little brother with telekinesis. You can either be a jerk to your brother or a older brother who learned that his little bro isn’t that bad. Lots of heartfelt moments and it’s so cool to ask your little brother to lift things with his mind. And the brother can hesitate to listen some times, it makes it feel so real when you listen to him saying no to you instead of being really AI like. Best game in the series . There is some F bombs and other swear words but if your mature enough it’s pretty alright.
This is honestly one of the most astounding, beautiful, hard-hitting, breathtaking, pure games I've ever played. ONE HUNDRED PERCENT my favourite game of all time. I just finished up crying from the ending because of how amazing and wonderful it was. The music, the graphics, the characters, the story, it's just so beautiful. I'm completely speechless, this game is amazing in every single way. It's such a great interactive experience that touches you in every single way. It deals with heavy topics like racism, sexism, drugs and homophobia. If this review hasn't persuaded you to buy the game yet, I don't know what will. Children guide - There is a bit of sex in LIS2. The worst of it is probably the full view of a woman's breasts for a few seconds. There are also choices that a player can make to have sex and go skinny dipping. (Most of this is in episode 3, so beware!) There is a lot of swearing throughout the whole game. If a child is mature enough and can handle swearing sensibly, then this might not matter, but it is quite common. There is quite a bit of violence, but again, if a child is mature enough this wouldn't really matter. There aren't too many drugs. Many characters smoke various drugs throughout the game, but it isn't really shown to be a bad thing, so if your child knows that drugs are bad and can handle them,