 Energetic, fantastic movie based game
Parents need to know that Creed: Rise it glory is a boxing game based off of the movie. You are Adonis creed who is a boxer and you can do story mode or free play. You can also work out in the game to and the boxing too is a real work out and makes you sweat like this is a good workout. There is lots of sport violence considering the nature of the sport so you will fight numerous people some difficulty beginner and some hard. It can get violent with lots of punching and some bloody cuts and occasional splashes of blood. There is some mild language and occasional uses of “hell”. No sexuality expect shirtless men fighting and this is based of the movie which some sexuality scenes in it. This is a very fun game a fast paced work out. Also note that this game is very fast paced and already the VR makers don’t recommend every day use for kids under the age of 12 and the fast paced action ads up to the impact so maybe not the best choice for younger gamers though if you do have one still let them play just note not the way for every day use.
fire emblem meets third person shooters
Well, it's a good game. There are a few lewd moments, but nothing too bad
Best game
It's Clean and Very FUN
Not a Bad Game
Very Very Good
My NBA 2K19 Review
Awesome. That's it.
Good game
Overall good but has some glitches
Good
i play it with my friends
Disappointing
AMAZING!!!!
trash
This game is the best
The app is 11 and up
Know how to play!
Best game. Giannis is my dude.
Cool Game for everyone
I play this with my dad all of the time. It is really fun and I would say that Nowitski is the best player thanks to his 3-point percentage. The controls have a learning curve, but it is still fun! Rating: A+
So good the only way it could of been better was more updating.
This is a great sports game, any kid that loves basketball will love this game you can play as any team. This is a great Basketball game and is a great buy.
Nba 2k19 is a great game if you love basketball, it does have every brand of shoe and their attributes, which is a little bit like consumerism but otherwise it is a great game, the best mode is definitely MyTeam. But I did get hacked and someone spent 1000$ on my account.
I think this is a good game. There is in-game purchases, but I think that's what makes the game fun. The controls are pretty simple. All kids need to know that on Xbox to shoot it's X. On PlayStation it's Square.
The gameplay is good but the MyCareer mode when you go to the park it might be hard to get a game if you are under a certain overall or if you are an amateur one which is the worst rank. To achieve a certain overall you either work