 really hard and earn VC (virtual currency) or buy it to get your player to 85 overall with some extra VC is $50. There are some glitches with the neighborhood station when traveling with friends and a glitch with the servers sometimes kicking you out of the game. MAKE SURE YOUR KIDS KNOW NOT TO GIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO STRANGERS because there is a way of communicating with them in game while playing and they may say hurtful things.
I’m a basketball fan and I love this game it has all the players you can customize the league and make your own player and play street ball it’s just so fun
curry,Dirk,Luka,Derozan,Kawhi,westbrook,PG13,CP3
Not gonna lie to you when I say don't waste £50 on a game you buy everywhere just to be as trash as the last one. Graphics were slightly better, the myGM/myLeague modes were better in my opinion. The MyCareer storyline this year was ok but not as good as 2K16. To be honest 2K is still too lazy to fix animations and glitches in the game which makes it kind of unfair to those who want to play the game properly. MyTeam is a meh and never really improves. One more thing is to never buy "vitrual currency" from them. Their so called VC is such a waste of big money to barely help you upgrade your myplayer and it takes ages to get mypoints. If you want VC for free just use the different VC glitches I do every year. Servers are still terrible.
They said it would be different this year... they lied :-( The soundtrack does feature censored versions of the songs but if the youngins were to search these songs up after listening to them on their x-box's, they'll learn some bad baaaad words. That is no bueno! Would not buy, pick up ye ol' 2k12 from the local waaaaalmart. God Bless y'all
It is easily the best PS4 game there is! Pretty good soundtrack, awesome graphics, and cool updates.
Only for 11 is good age for this app
If your child does not know how to play please teach them, it was annoying when I went and got on the game and found a 4 year old which did not know how to play at all.