 Distance, from the perspective of a long time player and pre-release participant.
Distance is a game that heavily focuses on hand &amp; eye co-ordination and creative thinking. The game takes place in a futuristic styled cityscape, where roads float and everything has a glowing element on it. The player controls a high-tech electric car, with rocket boost, jumping, flight and rotational thrusters. That may sound rather complicated at first, however the game does not introduce any more than one of these abilities in a single level. Rather, the player is introduced to one ability and is given three to four levels to become familiar with it. Once all the abilities are familiarized, the game will get progressively more difficult until the stories conclusion. The learning curve can be further simplified by considering that the only time the player shouldn't be boosting is while using the flight ability. The car can jump by tapping the Spacebar key when on the ground. The car can jump to four times it's height before reaching it's highest. The flight ability is easy and simple to use, and feels natural. It is activated by tapping the Spacebar key when in the air. The car will level itself off with gravity on its own, and this setting can be disabled if the player wants it disabled. The cars rotational thrusters apply downward force to a side of the car, controlled with the W, A, S and D keys. The player is able to use al the thrusters at once by holding the Q button. The thrusters allow the player to be more agile in the air and on the ground. Distance also comes with a built in level designer tool, All levels for the game are made in this, meaning that the player has all the tools and objects that the games creators have. The level designer can be confusing at a glance, but, just like the cars abilities, is deceptively simple. Right-clicking anywhere in the 'world' will move the 'cursor'. objects are then placed by clicking on them in the object menu on the left of the screen. colours of the objects are able to be changed to the designers liking. I learned how the editor works by watching a few simple tutorial videos, and have become well-accustomed to it through countless hours creating my own content, which has been shared with the world. Levels can be uploaded the a "Workshop" on 'Steam'. Steam is the service that hosts all the levels and scoreboards Distance has. The level workshop is patrolled by moderators, who will quickly remove any inappropriate content. I have never heard of or seen any inappropriate content on the workshop, so they must be doing a pretty good job. Some levels have been given a 'nightmare' difficulty rating. this does not mean your children will have nightmares if they play these levels. When a level is of 'nightmare' difficulty, it simply means it is exceptionally difficult. A great majority of the more helpful