 community members gather on their Discord server. Discord is a communication and file sharing service, similar to any messaging service. The Discord server also updates players on anything they should know about pertaining to Distance, such as upcoming changes, community events and known issues. That being said, pre-teens should use it only while under supervision from their parents, as some members on the Discord server use swear words more casually than average. Parents may also want to encourage their child to take a break from the game if they are getting frustrated. Even my friends who are old enough to have kids of their own have had to step away. If your child is interested in Distance, I definitely recommend it. The only characters in the game are the car, The archaic entity trying to stop the car, and the computer city's automated loudspeaker system. Distance has subtitles for the hearing impaired. Distance has fast moving objects and pulsing lights that may make it unsuitible for those who are prone to visual-induced seizures. Distance has optional multiplayer interaction. Distance has free community content. Distance will never have in-app purchases.
Great game, fine for kids
Although being a shooter/FPS title, FZH has no major factors that would make me consider it to be inappropriate at all apart from the concept itself. Great game lots of fun especially using the aim controller (please bear in mind there is a voice chat system that is usually vital to the games strategy aspect)
Unfortunately I had to stop playing
What?
I loved this game
great game
Suicide inject inappropriate!
Oppropriate for Teens
Parents read this
10+ Game
Unfortunately after 26 hours I stopped playing Shadow of the Tomb Raider... Massive spoiler alert for both Shadow of the Tomb Raider and the prequel Rise of the Tomb Raider! The previous game I did finish (Rise of the Tomb Raider) although the heavy mistranslated christian symbology was already a nuisance to me. As a christian I don't mind if films or games are inspired by my all time hero the Lord Jesus Christ. But Rise of the Tomb Raider did everything to depict Him in their main mystical figure called "The Prophet", but eventually showing the guy in game as a man that lied to his own people to protect some kind of powerful crystal (so powerful that you could break it by dropping it on the ground lol). While the real Jesus Christ says "I am the Way, the Truth and the Life. No one comes to the Father but through me.". This "Prophet" was close to the edge for me, but I rationalized it as a fictional story inspired by my Hero. It wasn't too offensive imho. With Shadow of the Tomb Raider it is on a whole different level. The game starts really great and I love the surroundings and culture you are thrown into. It really feels as a great adventure among a very beautiful, but also sinister part of history. The problem for me is that after about 20 hours of game