 because they might have
I have seen excellent gameplay on YouTube about this VR game. It is AWESOME!
This game is an epic VR for Star Wars Fans. It is epic to see and be near Darth Vader. It can get scary at times if you upset Vader but overall you should definitely play this!
Great racing game!
great game
Team sonic racing is so bad
Great Game
This is a great game for fans of the sonic universe!
play it or i'll eat your cat
Sonic game has so many glitches and bugs when I first read the steam reviews I Agree with people Team sonic racing is broke The game is a rip off to Mario kart 8 Need For Speed And so go play need for speed most wanted Or whatever racing game
All i can say is, Its So Fun!
Bruh Moment
Dauntless is a good game
Dauntless: To Download, or not to Download?
The real deal
Dauntless is very fun!!!!
Bad mechanics
Ummm.
An MMORPG with a bit too much microtransactions
Very good game
Hello, it’s me again. This time, I’m giving a review on the new game Dauntless, personally I enjoy this game a lot. Yes, there may be micro transactions but those are cosmetic, like Fortnite. They are just skins and emotes, or Transmogs is what they call the skins. All the parts you need for weapons come from the behemoths. Yes, there may be a bit of blood and you can cut off behemoth tails, but it’s not too graphic, it’s fine. You are a hero and you are trying to stop the Behemoths. The deadly monsters have recently had a surge in the Shattered Isles. It’s fun and good. Just a bit of a glitch here and there.
Dauntless is a very good game, but I think it might be boring for kids under the age of 12. Because it is a very heavy farming game but once you get to a certain point it might seem like there is no more content but that's JUST THE MIDPOINT! After the mid point in the game you will face escalations and extremely hard bosses that you can't kill on your own so u have to team up to kill the major bosses so be prepared to be challenged. So don't give up at the midway point, its just a little bit of time before you get into the real action. This game is also anti play to win so you don't have to worry about any of your friends getting ahead of you just cause they payed money the only thing you can buy is ascetic. This game is really fun and I will most definitely keep playing it there is only one reason I didn't give it full credit is cause it has amazing everything its available on windows, PS4, Xbox, and the switch but the one reason I didn't give it a 5 star, was because it wasn't on Mac but I can assure you im pretty sure you have at least 1 devise you can play it on
That is the