 play the story suddenly switches places from it's cultural Mayan/Inca setting towards a 17th century church where a 'christian' sect used to operate. The secrets you discover there are so bizarre and horrific that it was not possible for me to proceed playing any longer. The point is that I just didn't have fun solving the puzzle which crucified corpse was the first step in some twisted story of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Added to this the room you entered had a dozen of child like corpses as statues all lined up where you had to walk through. It was so sinister and the ambiance of this place felt so dark and corrupted that it affected me personally (I love to fully emerge myself in a story when I play a game). Also, if you fail to select the right depiction of crucified corpses Lara gets clamped with her wrists in an iron trap and pierced by many spikes in the chest. All just to illustrate how twisted this sect was. I understand what they try to accomplish, but since the depictions in this room are so closely related to the greatest act of love mankind has ever seen, but so wildly distorted that it touched on my personal faith, I could simply not enjoy the game at this point. It spoiled the game for me made me not want to continue any further. Thank you for your time. Peace!
You didn’t mention gore once in the review, so... ok the game isn’t for younger kids. I know that, but “graphic imagery” as you put it, is just the same as the regular game. It’s very bloody, and blood stains the environment regularly, but there isn’t gore. The reason “no gore” is such a big deal is because the other games featured lots of gore. Aside from the violence, there is a pretty big increase in language, so it is more mature in that sense. After beating the game, I can safely say anybody who can stomach the violence and blood can play it.
I'll admit it isn't the best game for kids. There's gore, swearing, and the likes. However it's still a very well written game that I love. Spoilers ahead You've been warned I saw someone else post sometimes like "whaaat? Richard killed himself?" But he didn't, Trinity killed him.
Overall, this is a great game for mature 12 and 13-year-olds. It has swearing, but if your kid can handle a few f-bombs and the occasional sh*t or two, then they should be fine.
I give my son a lot of latitude with video games...but when he came to me this morning saying it was “sad” that, when Lara sleeping (and you can then play her character as a child), her father is often MIA &amp; then there is a phone call where she overhears a gunshot &amp; the sense he got was that her father shot himself??? Really, not necessary in a GAME.
Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a game