 not for kids but teens 13 and older shouldn’t have a problem with it. Coming from a Christian family I was scared to let my boys (12 and 14) get this game. After reading about it and learning about it I decided to let them buy it. I decided to watch them for a bit and even try the game out for myself just to see how bad it was. Suppressingly this game relied a lot more on puzzle solving then violence. You do kill people but there bad. There’s also some language but that can be disabled from the settings. Lara Croft is also a very good role model, same goes for many other charectors in this game. After learning all of this I decided to let my kids keep the game. Shadow of the Tomb Raider is ok for teens 13 and older.
If you let your kids play uncharted, the last of us, bloodborne, or call of duty, than there shouldn't be an issue here. If the last of us and uncharted had a baby, tomb raider will be born. this is because the game is about lara croft a young woman who raids tombs for treasure like Nathan drake in uncharted, and learns how to survive, like the last of us. There is no sex in this game or the prequels. This game is about lara surviving off an island and finding treasure. The violence is NOT over the top at all, its true u do kill enemies but never in gruesome close your eyes moments, there is no ripping hearts or heads. if u let your kids watch tv-ma, than this is the same. You'll see corpses of blood like in Arkham knight but nothing gory at all. this game is great and advise it to 13+
Guys listen that game is fun survival and good.I understand tht some scene are disturbing.Its ok because if its disturbing then what happend kids can play its very good game and educational many good puzzle and everything.
Worst NHL yet
Trash
I’ve played every NHL since 06 and I have to say this one is by far the worst. I’ve had the game 1 day and I already wanna tip my hair out. I can’t poke check anyways without tripping them and you get a penalty every time u touch another player. I tried avoiding touching the other team to avoid penalties but then you get your butt kicked. This game needs a major redo and I’m highly disappointed in this game. Do not bother buying unless you wanna get extremely frustrated every time you play it.
I love the fact that the games take 30 mins to play because there’s 20+ penalty minutes for each team. I rate this game 2/10 stars.
Detective adventure
This old-fashioned adventure game reminds me of Sierra and LucasArts classics. You play as a detective facing five different cases in a Victorian city with a steampunk twist; I particularly liked its characters and story. However, it's not for pre-teens. While