 the presentation is overall tasteful and non-graphic, and the tone is mostly lighthearted, it's also full of mature content, dealing with topics such as murder, kidnapping, vigilantism, racism, domestic abuse, prostitution, mental problems and substance addiction. Gameplay is easy compared to old point-and-click adventures: most puzzles are simplified to the point that clicking on an object automatically performs the right action needed. However, there are still situations which can be frustrating to younger players: it's possible to miss small items or say the wrong thing in a conversation, locking yourself out of vital clues; although the game will progress even if you fail at a case, too many mistakes will earn a "bad" ending. Recommended age: 14+.
Not bad at all
Amazing
Spider man is awesome!
Older kids only
A Promising return.
Stays true to the core elements of Spider Man
Spoilers
SO GOOD I 100% the game
Spiderman PS4 game
Fun game good for kids 8 and up
Better than any film or comic
Awesome
WOW
This Game!!!
This Game... WOW
Most "Webheads" have played this game before.....
Great game, not a lot of bad stuff.
Your a hero and there is no killing what so ever
Every detail of NewYork is put into this and you can get good easy. Amazing I recommend it for anyone.
A little violent but still great. Just tiny bit of swearing but not much. It's so fun swinging through nyc and fighting crime.
The new spiderman game has curses and violence. Spiderman never kills so its not too bad. Overall, 10 and up
As a kid I enjoyed Spider-man 2 on the GameCube and this new one keeps the charm it had with better graphics and gameplay. What you can expect}Excellent graphics, a plot that is movie worthy, boss fights that if you think about it are winnable, medium amount of replayablility. The game while huge and daunting at the start quickly boils down to a sector clear and advance game, however this lowers the replayability because once it is clear the only thing more is just redoing what you already have done. The game will keep you in for a solid amount of time though and respectfully its no Fallout 4 so its size is perfect for what they were going at. {Age}Honestly stick to the ESRB on this one. Even then 13 yearolds are going to find the side quests from a certain returning enemy to be...tedious. The language in the game is minimal and if you stick to the ESRB rating then your child has already heard them. {In review} If you or your kid enjoys a well rounded story, interesting plots, and don't mind game busy work and side quests then Spider-Man is the perfect reboot game for you.
I've been a fan of Spider-Man since Spiderman 2 on my PlayStation 2 simce 2004 and this really strikes me as different. I love the story and web swinging action, and its graphics are next-gen. It has some mild swearing like most video games, bit it is very rare. Mostly just sh*t and damn. There's no adult content in it (i.e. Sex