 and love) but its storyline involves stopping drug distribution and you never see any of them. Altogether, I would say around 14+ ish as it does involve combat, mostly punches and webs, but no bloos nor guns. This is a most enjoyable game and I hope it makes you feel the nostalgia from the good old days.
This is one of the best games I’ve ever played. The controls are easy to remember, the story is great, the graphics are realistic, etc. There is a lot of hand-to-hand combat, and enemies use guns, swords, etc. In one scene in the game, the main enemies bomb a campaign rally, killing Miles Morales’ dad. The story may also be a little scary for younger kids. There is also some swearing, buts it’s not frequent. Overall fantastic game.
let your kid play it the swearing will go over there head
The game has an extremely small amount of a words. Otherwise no swearing. It also has frequent non- gorry, non-bloody, violence like knocking people out.
This game is so so so so so good. Far better than any mcu film. Insomniac wrote Spider-Man better than anyone ever has before. There’s so much to do and play. My 11 year old son played it and his younger sister (7) watched it and they were perfectly fine. So good. 3 swear words but... meh. The violence is quite PG there is a bit of blood I suppose but it’s so infrequent. My kid got the platinum trophy, gave it to his uncle and aunt and they loved it as well. Let anyone play it and they will love it. It’s suitable for everyone as well
Very mild profanity, but when Silver Sable takes over and makes a fascist regime, that might be a little intense for sensitive kids. If they like The Hunger Games, they can handle it.
No scary violence and really good role-models. And there is no swearing so I don't know why Commen Sense says there is. The enjoyment of the game is immense and you should get the game for your kid
This game tops my list for sheer enjoyment. Swinging around NY is really fun. Peter is a really great role model but the real value of the game is just in how enjoyable it is. Violence will never get properly scary and there is NO LANGUAGE, it's a bit outrageous that Common Sense says there is. No suggestive themes as well. Good for kids 11 and up!
I mean wow. This game epitomizes the whole superhero spirit of helping others, with some cleverly written banter from Peter as well. The violence is frenetic but never extreme to a point that comes any where near the latest Spider Man Movie. Language is minimal. PLAY THE GAME
This game is ace... Please do not be put off by Commen Sense's (Totally Unjust!!) 4 star violence rating. Violence is honestly, not very bad it is intense but no blood/gore. Language is few and far between, and I am the only gamer