 in my club of 10 that's encountered S**t while encountering the game therefore it is totally possible to go the game without encountering it. In short parents, Commen Sense Media's 14+ is frankly ridiculous and I would urge you to let your kid play this game, or give it a go yourself. Peter is a great role-model as well!
Rated 12+ for moderate violence and drug references.
Remember our wallcrawler, Spiderman on the Gamecube (or that era), with the chase sequences, Spider slinging through the city, running up walls, running off to waypoint "crimes in progress"? ….Well good news! NOW it's in 4k. This game got so much hype you'd have thought they reinvented the wheel....when what they really did was follow the well established formula with updated graphics. That said, this version of Peter Parker is very bland and uninspired aside from the fact of actually being Spiderman. The story has familiar elements with it's own take on how it all goes down, but the story is not all that compelling when we've seen it rehashed, rebooted and recast several times over now and in far more exiting ways The good news is that the "Spiderie" parts, such as the suits, new gadgets and tweaked abilities actually DO make this the most diverse version. Little robot spiders that shoot laser blasts, electrified webs and upgrades all give you ways to customize your fight preferences. The combat you engage in with these devices and such is ever so Arkham Batman (as usual) with dodges, attacks, and the added webshooting pulling, grabbing and slinging of objects. You get the added bonus of picking up baddies and slinging them around like said objects. At the core, it all seems like standard fair at this point and I was REALLY hoping to get a different take on a SM video game for once, but eh, what chu' gunna do? In the end, we've all been there, done that if you have been exposed to this character to any degree the last couple of decades. So you won't get any memorable or truly new experiences here, but you will get them updated...to an extent. Aside from the milk toast plot devices I DO have a compliant about the combat. You have normies that are immune to your Super Strength attacks if they simply use a crowbar, then you have to use a dodge, attack pattern to tedium to down them. It's moments like these that you feel you are playing a fast action memory game set to buttons rather that battling bad guys. So between inconsistent, often redundant battles and a the aforementioned story elements, I was actually underwhelmed despite the details. But to end positive, the city is well done and looks more alive than ever. Nuff said.
Great game, not a lot of inappropriate content except for mild language including the s word once or twice. There is a bit of smoking and drug references, but not a lot. Also, in the dlc there is