 Wow Amazing!
Not for little kids
By far the most violent Spider-Man game
Amazing!!!!
Fine for 12 up
Don't listen to troll hater Yeetus da fetus (yes,that's his actual username). He's only complaining about it being overrated.
Best Spider-Man game ever!
spiderman's ok for any age because it's just spiderman saving the world.
The language is not good for kids under 13. It also has references to drugs and crime.
If it was a movie it would be rated pg13 for Intense sequences of violence and action, Drug performance and references,crude humour and some language But sense it is a game then it would be rated-T for ages 16 and higher for Violence Blood Language Suggestive themes Drug performance and references Overall it is suitable for ages 16 and higher
It is a amazing game with a lit of good role models,spudey is a good here trying to do his best. Aunt may is a great role model especially her sayings. This is a good game and yes there are some cursing words but they are hard to understand because only enemies say them but in a fight they are hard to listen otherwise there is no word to describe this amazing game
Some bad words but all fine not including that
Lots of violence your better of buying your 13 year old callof duty or halo
Yes the game is overrated but that doesn't mean the game has a huge amount of flaws. This game is still great (did not play it but watched videos) and everything that is overrated and underrated has flaws and nothing needs to be perfect to be high quality. Overrated does not mean it has huge flaws. It means it's popular but it includes flaws (low, medium, and high amount). The troll that I mentioned is on this site.
This latest introduction into the video game world of Spider-Man may just be the best superhero game I've ever played. The story is amazing and the graphics are beautiful. The best part about this game is the fighting sequences. It may be a bit too rough for younger kids, but with maturity, I think most kids can handle it. It sucks that this game is a PS4 exclusive though. All in all, Insomniac really did an amazing job on this game, and I would hope to see this game across all gaming platforms.
yo kai is good
the best spinoff
great
so... blasters is a ghostbusters esc game where players take down bosses with up to 3 other players from around the world but one thing to note.. the game DOES use mimimal swearing and one charater (mass mutterer) is KINDA VIOLENT in fact he throws knives... but blood is not used in game and its really for the older aduince of the yo kai watch franchies.. but DO have a talk with your kids that there.. is some big kid stuff in here. edit one character says somthing about a bikini but does not appere in game
It’s easier for him to play than Madden
He doesn’t know how to do all the functions