 yet and he makes mistakes. But he is getting better that he is actually beating the computer on the lowest mode regularly. It’s a good way to introduce kids to games. It doesn’t have to be complicated. And he loves learning about all of the teams.
Well I’m playing with my friend and his players always miss a wide open a pass. I’ve missed a wide open shot in the paint from al horford. And the players get tired easily
Improvements to the core game also have a downside.
The basics of the game are all fleshed out in my other Destiny 2 reviews prior. What this expansion does for the franchise to attempt to move it forward is make a deliberate story with a single player campaign that's FINALLY truly worth doing. The ONLY spoiler I will give is that there are 7 sortof 'mini bosses' you will be going after in your quest and it's a nice change after the short lived campaigns of the past. It's a nice touch. Aside from this, things get opinionated in the community. The 'grind' is back as infusion fuel is rare but needed "in bulk" with mastercores being essential for this once simplistic process making 'busywork out of a once simple leveling up system. This seems to be implemented to compensate for the skill trees that are missing from destiny 2 to synthetically pad out the game. Alot of tedium has been introduced and the drop rates of the best weapons are nill and are not for purchase at vendors like Xur as they were before. Some players say they like this new slowed down system, others find it frustrating and too time consuming, many of which have attested to progress hitting a wall or items dropping consistently below current charecter levels. There are 2 adequate new areas to explore and 'bounties' are back to move the game forward and will be the bulk of what you do to level up with 'powerful' gear as your reward. these will be repetitious in nature and send you back through the same story missions and strikes as well as Player Verses Player "Crucible" and world exploration details. To top it all off you will need to be 560 light, attained through the aforementioned grinding process, to do the new raid. There are, once again, very familiar enemies and twists on old concepts like "cleansing", relics that shoot stuff and plates that require some expert standing upon all accompanied by the redundant waves and waves of ads (additional enemies that constantly respawn). This time , however, the complexity has been ramped up throughout and the mechanics are a bit more complicated. The "Last Wish" raid has already been touted as the hardest and most complex raid to date. So if that sounds enticing to you, this one is all about THAT. If that sounds daunting, well, then it rightfully should. Because teams that used to get first week clears are STILL struggling with it a few weeks