 in. My personal complaint is that the basic 'new' enemies don't really feel new, they are old concepts with just different "animations". They are 'types and shadows' of things that already exist in the game, so you won't be changing any of your current strategies or being forced to do anything you haven't been doing all along. This feeling spills over to the raid as well which doesn't look different enough with more of the samey type concepts and a light level that it extremely time consuming to attain. And to me, without actual skill trees to constitute the grind and a daunting amount of rare items to attain just to progress, all based on slot machine style random loot, it seems a bit stale compared to where the original Destiny thrived with the Taken King expansion and truly NEW ideas. Alot of fun has been replaced with 'busywork' instead of meaning and a sense of incremental progress beyond more than just a numbers game. The smooth game play and excellent mechanics are all there, but the execution is lacking . But.....like I said that's all subjective opibion, but as a Destiny player who has completed almost every raid prior multiple times, I'm kind of burnt out on even the idea of baring another cycle of tedium and repetition with yet another soft reset of 90% of my gear. My 2 cents.
Excellent but old fashioned
It's a great example of what Japanese turn based RPG games were like on the PlayStation 2, so it could be considered old fashioned. That's not a bad thing though. The gameplay is very good if you are a fan of games like that and it looks great. It is a fairly long game, I played on the hardest difficulty with the optional extra settings to make it even harder. I felt it was pretty balanced and what I would expect. It can be very easy on the more easy settings and therefore would be great for younger players. My girls are 5, 7, as 9 and they loved watching me play through it and having a go themselves. Some parents could consider it a pg rating and might feel it's not ideal for younger kids. There are some small sexual references and a very very gay main character, but that adds to the charm for me. There are some references to alcohol. Obviously there is a lot of fighting but the graphics are very cartoon like. So for me 7/10 at least.
Not bad at all!
If your child asks to play it, I beg of you let them (within reason)
Not for little kids, but only fantasy violence.
This game is very deep but has nothing inappropriate at all! Yes there is some blood but no gore. There is absolutely no swearing at all. It is very good and does not deserve the M eating it gets. Probably the best RPG I’ve ever played and I highly recommend it! If you are on the fence and think it