 to say I was impressed by the way this game was. It functions very well and I think if like Spiderman fan you'll like it. Really the violence isn't nothing really bad. Very standard. The cussing is very small and really hard to notice. The some characters can be great role models like Peter Parker, Aunt May, MJ, and Spiderman. The one factor that's something you might want to take into hand is drugs. There is two side missions that you have take do drug dealers. But in only of these do you see anyone try them. Overall if you're child is 11 or older this game should be fine.
amazing game. the story is great. everything is beyond amazing. i rate it a 15+ For Strong Violence, brief bloody images and mild language
Such a well thought through storyline with so many different quests and missions. Not much violence, tons of kicking punching and shooting ,small bits of graphic imagery not much screaming either in the end there's a couple of graphic scenes but not much violence all in all. there's a couple of missions were you stop drug deals or assaults.
Marvel's Spider-Man is a beautiful combination of combat and open world exploration. This game relies heavily on it's the narrative and general title of a 'Playstation Exclusive'. This title sold so many copies, and was definitely the highest in popularity from the 'Playstation 4 Collection'. The combat is slightly less violent than say the Batman Arkham games, but I have played both, and I have to say, both have very similar combat and play styles. This game does not deliver on my expectations of the game, as I bought it around Christmas of 2018, as the game was released in November, and all my friends had already played most of it, and said it was amazing. To my suprise, most of the combat and exploration around the city felt dull and repetitive over the course of the game. Altogether, I think this game is an alright title to pick up and play, but it does not really deserve the strong amount of praise.
To start off--this game is incredible, and I would give it a 4.25 out of 5. The graphics are incredible. There's tons of action, and it's not so hard that I wouldn’t rage quit, but let's just say it's not the easiest thing in the world. When you get on you are presented with the standard intro with the credits to all the companies. And then a beautiful picture of spider man. When the story starts it's not interactive for the first 3m, but how it starts is it's looking around Peter Parker's crappy apartment in a 300 degree circle and then Peter gets up and gets ready. Then he sees a final notice letter. And then the phone rings and you hear the police radio and when it buzzes on ps4 the dualshock4 vibrates like crazy. So he jumps out the window and you start swinging wherever