 question. Dauntless is an action RPG in the vein of Monster Hunter: World. It is available on Epic Games Store or on consoles. The point of the game is to fight monsters in order to protect the city of Ramsgate. Everything in the game is stylized and low-poly, making what little violence there is less disturbing. Players fight monsters online with up to 3 other players, using teamwork and magical guns, swords, axes, chain blades and hammers to kill the creatures. If you do hit the monsters, splashes of orange-ish blood spray out. The game is completely free, and a ton of fun, though the in game shop is promoted a bit much. Other than that, it is a really great game. -the Lore Nerd P.S. - I forgot to talk about bad language. In the storyline, one character says "damn" once. Mute the mic in multiplayer and you should be fine.
The game is quite easy to start of playing, and the reason I give it 8+ is because the things in the game are most likely things they've seen before. Most kids know what blood looks like and it isn't like it's HORRIBLE to see. I got this game yesterday for my friend and I to have a game to play together and it was pretty good. The violence is simple and not much more than there is in Fortnite. It helps build strategy and team building skills. Overall, a solid 4 star game.
I know other reviews for dauntless are saying how it’s so bad, and emphasizing all of the negative sides of the game, NO! This game is very fun, and lasts for a long time. Yeah, there is violence, very mild blood and tails can fall off, (but there isn’t any gore) and a more than normal amount of ads for the in-game store, but other than that, dauntless is an amazing experience, it’s co op, and exiting, especially trying to do escalations and try to conquer the boss behemoth at the end. It gets frequent updates, and has lots of active and friendly players. Some aspects can be confusing at first or for younger players, but it doesn’t take long to get the hang of it. There is a tutorial so you can learn the basic controls, and as you progress you develop new skills and strategies. You can choose what to do, you can do quests to progress in the game, go on hunts with your friends, or keep on hunt your favorite behemoth! If you really want a challenge you can unlock trials at the end of the game, which is always tricky, even for very skilled and experienced players. If you are thinking about getting dauntless, and are at least nine years old, you should definitely do it. You will enjoy it, I sure did.
Can’t dodge halve the time because apparently your character can’t stop attacking to dodge???
The game is just basically fighting monsters to complete quests.
Dauntless is an MMORPG that you can