 will be inappropriate just because it has an M rating, you should get it because it is appropriate. 10/10
Give this review a full read before making your decision. This game has its mature aspects for sure. There IS some mild profanity. There IS ONE single tiny quest that involves suggested sex and is so out of the way and obscurely described that I doubt a young mind would pick up on it. There IS suggestive drinking and drug usage. There IS violence and mild blood. BUT: This game presents moral choices, problem solving, and general adventure in such a wonderful way. Your choices have genuine impact on others and the world around you. Everything in the game takes planning as rushing into things often ends in failure and unforeseen consequences. If your child already grasps slightly more complex games then this is an excellent seque into a more immersive world.
Fantasy violence from a distant perspective. Not for little kids, but fine for all teens
it is awesome
This is the peak of Monster Hunter. Proper challenge, insane roster with all the fan favorites, thousands of unique weapon designs, transmog, great online lobbies - it's all there. If you're a Monster Hunter veteran I don't need to tell you about how awesome it is, you likely already know. Playing XX (aka MHGU) on the big TV with the Pro Controller is incredibly fun and the best way to experience it no doubt. B. Leo ------------------
Not meant for ANY children
My 5 year old loves this game
In this game you destroy lives and abuse animals!!!!! I do not recommend for children. It evens involves scenes of swallowing!!!!! Disgusting! I am utterly shocked at this filth. Its too violent.
Game controls and mechanics are easy enough for a 4.5 to grasp. The game is a loosely physics one. The game involves controlling a hole in the ground. You try to "eat" up everything. The more objects (and animals character) that fall in the larger the hole gets. There is also some mild puzzles where things have to be done in the right order to move onto the next section. I helped my five-year-old a few times and after that, he was able to solve all the problems himself up to the "boss fight". There is a bit of a "think for yourself instead of just following orders" and "think of others" message too but it is buried under a bit of silliness. The male main character does redeem himself at the end of the game.
Urban fantasy adventure
This point-and-click adventure game is reminiscent, in terms of content, of the TV show Supernatural and of the book series The Dresden Files; in terms of gameplay, it's strongly inspired by Sierra and LucasArts classics. There is also something of Bioware RPGs, with different party members the player can choose for each mission and interact with, like in Dragon Age or Mass Effect. I enjoyed the game, especially its likable, fairly interesting characters and the fact that different party combinations require