 play with friends. Co-op or singleplayer, the game doesn't have much to offer. Violence is frequent. Use of swords and other weapons are present. While slash opponents, blood sprays mildly, but no gore is present. Gambling and consumerism is frequent. You are able to buy season passes, weapons and more. Some items are pretty pricey.
this game is cool
Great horror game
Sexual content/ nudity: None. Violence: There's gore, and blood. Fowl language: There's a lot of not child friendly words in here, but should be ok. Drugs/ Drinks: The main way to get abilities is through injections, but always has a downside, Does not promote it irl. Nice survival Horror game about surviving monsters in the night and trying to escape these woods. Shouldn't be that scary for younger teens.
Although this game is top down and does not contain jump scares, it is one of the scariest horror games I know of. And by "scary" I don't mean it contains massive amounts of gore. It gives you a strange icky feeling inside but still manages to keep on bringing you back for more. I finished the game about a month ago, and I still can't stop thinking about it. There are multiple loose ends that were never tied up after completion, and I'm thinking about playing it again. The game makes you sympathetic for the characters but also slightly disturbed by them. Just seeing the depressing, disgusting, and creepy situations the people of Darkwood have fallen into gives you a weird sense of relief that it's them instead of you. The environment is open most of the time and just quiet enough to give you anxiety. Every snap of a twig makes you worry. There is SO much more that I could say, but long story short, I HIGHLY recommend this game.
Review
Some violence but overall a heart touching game
Phenomenal game, not for kids.
Whoever said this game is 18 plus is just a clown, sure there is swearing and violence. i was 14 and didnt even squirm once so i dont get what is the problem with it. if you cant handle this game then god help you with all the other games
Violence- The character you control sometimes kill enemies in self defense, the game also clearly shows that she is not doing it for fun just because she have to. There some events that players will have to feed enemies and animals to rats but they not very graphical created and not closely shown. And players won't feel happy by any violent acts as the character around you will show disappointment and you'll get the idea to stay away from them.(but at the start of the game you'll have to hunt a boar for food which ultimately fails though) Positive stuff-Game is all about a positive cause, it's about a sister trying save her younger brother from coming dangers. Players will learn to care for their family members no matter how hard it is. Language- There some bad words used including the