 I think it’s good
Big step up to the first game
It's by Bethesda so what did you expect?
Not intended for children
^
I was in love with Rage 1. When Rage 2 came out, I had to pick it up, the game is way better than the previous one. Violence is the main course of the game. If you have played Borderlands or Doom(2016), the violence feels similar and right at home, as blood and gore gushes as you kill dozens of enemies at once. Strong language is frequent and strong; @$$hole, f#!k and as well as $h!t.
This game is completely over the top and ridiculous it's kinda funny. There is much blood and cursing. This game promotes killing in over the top ways like doom. Not for kids at all, if you let your kid play this it's a mistake.
This game contains, dismemberment, gratuitous violence, and strong language, the rating speaks for itself, this game was not made for children, but on a side note, I love this game, it is great fun.
Good Game with Good Messages
Just a damn good game.
I honestly think Common Sense Media has really missed the mark with their review for this game. If you pay attention there's strong positive role models and good messages. This game does have some heavy stuff but some of this stuff is really important. I'm going to start with Dorthy. Dorthy is a sex worker lilim with a model that makes her look 13. Dorthy is happy with her work and is quite proud of it. A lot of the time in media sex work is portrayed as some horrible thing but Dorthy is genuinely happy. Her relationship with Jill is important because not only does it show how you should treat someone regardless of their job but it also shows that sex workers exist outside of sex work. Dorthy is happy and bubbly she's a whole person and sex work is just her job, she's a regular person just like everyone else. She also gets bouts of depression sometimes because of solipsism (the idea that the only thing we're certain exists is ourselves). It's important to show that even the happiest people have bad days. Another important character is Sei. Sei is a good role model for people to look up to. She's extremely brave and compassionate and she cares deeply for her friends. She even but herself in danger to save Stella when the two were attacked as kids by a rogue white knight. Sei also shows how people who come from not great pasts can still get better and become great people. Seis dad was addicted to drugs, he was an alcoholic and he was abusive. Sei was also in a traumatic attack where her and Stella were attacked. Stella got stabbed in the eye and Sei got multiple broken ribs and ruptured organs trying to protect Stella. After this Sei became more violent and began to act out. But she worked on getting better and she became the