 strong, caring person she is now. Jill met a girl named Lenore in college and they started dating. They were in a very close relationship and were close with each others families. However one day the two had a fight and Jill walked out. They never officially broke up but they never saw each other again either. Jill still loved Lenore though the entire time but was too scared to reach out. Then one day when Jill is working Lenores little sister Gaby comes to the bar and angrily tells her that Lenore died of a heart attack and that she'd been suffering without anyone knowing for years. Gaby blamed Jill because her sisters condition got worse after Jill left. This entire situation says a couple important things. The first one is, do something before it's too late. You never know whats going to happen so instead of living in fear you should reach out or else you might miss your chance. It was really heart breaking but it did a good job conveying this. Secondly, Dorthy takes care of Jill one day to help her feel less alone and help her feel better. Jill didn't think it would but it does make her feel better. It's important to let people help you when you're hurting. Thirdly, Jill is devastated about her death and it eats at her, she regrets not reaching out and is distraught for a while. But slowly, the people in her life and her own will help her feel better. It's a hopeful message. Things will get better, you might be sad now but it won't be like this forever. Uh yeah, the game is pretty vulgar, theres lots of drinking, Jill smokes, but credit where credits due this game has some good role models and positive messages mixed in there.
This extremely mechanically simple game has an amazing story with an excellent framing device. You talk with people and end up linking all the reasoning together to get an epic, interconnected tale that commentates on social media, specifically fake news, culture. Must-play for everyone. There is swearing and sexual references, but it's only no worse than my fifth grade class was. The framing device is all about mixing drinks, but Pg-13 shows have about the same amount.
trash
ew
Violent and Gorey. (but not too too much)
one of my favourite games of all time.
Awesome
The game takes place after a zombie apocalypse and as so, there is frequent violence, whether through axes, boards, bullets, or biting. there is also a scene where a character is tortured by having a lighter put up to his skin, causing horrific burns.
Although it hasn't been out for too long! I think that this game is amazing. Very interactive and great graphics!
It's deffinetly not a game for kids, but the game has an amazing story in it, best ive seen since the last of us Very satisfying gameplay, love the bike customisation, good selection in guns, rarely get bored of playing, dosen't feel like a