 "repeat" game, alot of different quests and storylines
Boxboy! + Boxgirl! Review
It is a very good game with very easy controls and has lots of puzzles and and is very good for two people to play. Young children may find it a bit frustrating when they don't get across a level.
Good for Teenagers
It might say it has blood, but there barely any. But, it does occasionally include the F work and S word.
NO KIDS PERIOD!
Perfect For Teens
Good game for 13+
Just read the box.
What kind of idiot lets kids under 12 play this
Extremely gory! Among the goriest games every made
I recommend you talk to your child/children about MK11 BEFORE buying the game
12 or 13 +
Great game, Ok character design
SO this is mortal kombat huh
This Game is not made for kids
fun and gory
Gory just like any Mortal Kombat game
Kinda bloody and just dont do them in real life
An in-depth review on blood and gore in this game
Yeet those feet
Fun game! Look out for gore though.
Is mortal Kombat extremely violent
I have a younger sibling age 8 who plays the game and my parents should not let him.
I usually wait to play the game to do a review, but there are too many people on here who are saying it's fine for ages 8+ or whatever because you can "turn off the gore." SPOILER ALERT: You can't. There is no such option. I have seen every fatality on YouTube, and the fatalities and x-rays are the most violent things in video game's I have ever seen. They involve (but not limited too) Bashing people's faces in Removal of faces Dismemberment of all sorts Use of fire, ice, acid, and bugs as weapons Cutting heads/entire bodies from all different angles Removal of spines and other bones And much, much more graphic content. Also, there are a few scenes that involve characters cursing.
This game is perfect for anyone 13 and up, as someone who has been playing Mortal Kombat for about 2 years now, I think it is really good for all teens. I get that it is very graphic and has blood and gore but that doesn’t mean your kids will be violent monsters.
Yes mortal kombat is gory but it’s not real life and if your kid is responsible and understands not to do anything they see they will be fine. The most gory part of the game you can no do entirely and if you don’t trust you kids it’s a really hard move to pull of. I think you should let a responsible 13+ person play it
This game has blood and gore, intense violence, and strong language. This includes mutilation, dismemberment, decapitation, and bones shattering. In addition with this, the characters say f*ck and a**hole in some of the dialogue. Therefore, this game isn’t for kids.
The gameplay itself is good and I know the violence can be satisfying to some people (I really don’t see why) but never and I mean NEVER let kids play it I only played it for a minute and