 I’m still mentally scarred from it
Beware! This a long review. This game is EXTREMELY violent. Do not let your kids play: Every time you land an attack large amounts of blood sprays in the air. Just like the previous games, this game consists in fighting your opponent and, when finished, the player can either spare the enemy of finish him/her via the Fatalities, which have the opponent being torn apart, dismembered, decapitated, disemboweled, mutilated, etc., all with lots of bloodshed and gore. Most of the Fatalities here are much more violent and graphic than ever before. There are lots and lots and lots of bloodshed going on, and it's gruesome. This game is extremely bloody, and the gore is very highly detailed, with the victims being torn apart, mauled and dismembered, not to mention the graphics of this game are insanely realistic and extremely detailed, making the game all the more intense. This is definitely one of the most violent "Mortal Kombat" games so far.
I know this is probably the longest review you'll ever read in your life but bear with me, you'll want to know the graphic content in this game. I'm a 16 year old girl and I've been playing this game ever since it came out, and I love it a lot. I've had plenty of experience with violent/gory/bloody video games ever since I was 12 (The Last Of Us, Outlast, Doom, Call Of Duty, Wolfenstein, Until Dawn, etc.). And let me tell you when I first saw my cousins play a Mortal Kombat game, I was mortified. I was about 7 or 8 and there was this fatality (when a character brutally kills his/her opponent) that I couldn't get out of my head. That night I cried in bed and I couldn't sleep. But as I grew I learned how to deal with viewing such content. And if you don't know how brutal a fatality is yet, I'll explain in full detail. Sonya Blade's Fatality: She shoots her opponent up to the sky where there is a helicopter in the air. She keeps shooting to levitate the opponent (keep in mind that there is definitely blood). When the opponent reaches the top of the helicopter, the opponent head is sliced off and you'll be able to see the severed head in the air in slow motion as the iconic MK voice says "Sonya wins. Flawless victory. FATALITY!!!" Baraka's Fatality: Baraka LITERALLY RIPS OFF THE OPPONENT'S FACE SKIN and you can see all the bloody muscles and eyeballs and everything of the face. Squelching sounds can be heard. He then rips off the rest of the face and the brain and everything will be visible. Baraka uses his blade to penetrate the opponent's brain and then chomps on it like corn on the cob. Okay, still want to buy your 6 year old MK11? Yes? Well here's two more! Kung Lao's Fatality: He slices of the opponent's head off with his spinning blade thingy and the head