 you want. (that's my favorite feature) I even took a walk in Central Park. But I don't want to give away any spoilers. So I'm going to shut up and not do a play by play mostly because I haven't played the whole thing. And even if you're good at the game, it's still almost 150 hours of gameplay. This game is violent and rated t for teens but there is no blood. But there are many crashes, explosions, and shootings. And I also noticed martial art moves from all over the world. I would not recommend this game to kids under 9, and it's not safe for kids under 7. This game is not recommended for people with epilepsy whose seizures are triggered by flashing lights. In conclusion this game is a must have. The only reason it did not get 5 stars was because I have been gaming for 7 years of my life and I'm only 11. So I don't just go around handing out 5 stars. But there is a reason that this only got 4.25 is because it's $40 dollars and while I think it's worth every last cent, it's still $40 Quick things about this game: You follow a story of Peter Parker that combines all the movie reboots, but the Peter Parker in this game is based off of Tom Holland. And also you can go to work and help Doctor Octavius. You know, before he becomes evil like in the comics (haven't got there yet so i'm just assuming). And you can also help Aunt May at the shelter. And also Mary Jane aka MJ makes several appearances. Thank you for reading this review. I highly recommend playing this game. T for blood, drug reference, language, violence, and mild suggestive themes. All of those are mild except for violence, as for language its just crap and hell, and no drug reference thats just what it says,and no blood.
Ok so recently, in 2020, I got Marvel’s Spider-Man for PS4 and let me just say it is a triumph to web swing around NYC so fluently without bugs or glitches. Here and some reasons why I think it is the best Video game EVER!! 1. The combat is fast paced and NEVER get old or boring. 2. The story is Engaging and has plenty of plot twists. And 3. The characters are REALLY well developed! Plus the Soundtrack is fricken awesome!!
Marvel’s Spider-Man is a relatively easy and fun game to play for pre-teens and teenagers. Many adults would also enjoy this game for it’s wittiness, puzzle solving, fighting style and positive messages. I personally loved this game and it deserved the “best game of the year award”. There are little to none concerns for you or your child. There is minor swearing, a few drug references (Spidey takes down drug dealers) and a small sexual reference that is difficult to pick up in the DLC, which is completely optional by the way. There is