 be able to play it at age 13-14 but the average kid should wait till age 16 to play it.
So Mortal kombat series has been long story of this gore bloody fighting game. Not like street fighter or any fighting games, MK has a special move that attracts people to buy (especially kids or teens). After they knockdown there opponent. they will do a combo of bloody fighting such as ripping of their head and pulling out their guts, so just keep that game safe where your kids can't take too play.
So Mortal Kombat 11. The graphics have gotten better. The fatalities have gotten more gruesome to watch however, It all depends on your kids' maturity. I myself can watch fatalities without cringing and so on. But mainly because I have seen blood and gore on tv many times and have gotten used to it. So if your kid can handle excessive blood and gore and say that they NEED the game then try talking to them about it. The only gory part is mainly the fatalities and brutalities(brutalities are not as gory).Fatalities can only be done with a set of controls that the player does on their keyboard or controller which finish the losing kombatant in a gruesome way. Keep in mind these Fatalities are hard to put in. Brutalities are when the player does a regular combo but it ends up as a gory finisher. While these do not show organs on screen, it does end up leaving the kombatant spewing blood. Keep in mind that these finishers are not needed and the kombatant can just simply punch the other to the ground with no blood whatsoever And then come Fatal Blows. While these are choosed by the player to come, the player will unfortunately have to use them soon enough. These fatal blows although spew blood significantly non gorier (if that makes sense). Krushing Blows are when the kombatant uses a combo on the other and an x ray image appears showing a bone breaking. These blows come frequently depending on how many attack bars are shown at the bottom corners. The Krushing Blows are not very gory and are in the same boat as in fatal blows. Keep in mind that Krushing blows come up at any given moment depending on the combo. That should finish of the gore part. Also keep in mind that the kombatants often say sh*t and a**hole.But say fu*k about 2-3 times in the whole game. The good news is that female kombatants are no longer sexualized as they were in the Mortal Kombat 9. The reason for stating 15 and up is that this generation can often handle gore and blood well. However, DON'T buy this game if you believe your kid is not mature enough to handle this game. Overall, its a really fun game if you're into fighting.
Mortal kombat is fantastic. I first played mortal kombat when I was 9 (I am apparently a very mature child, I'm