 12 now) me and my dad sat down and played mortal kombat 10. It was so fun, comical over the top violence. I loved it, so probably 13+ for average maturity I guess? Anyway I love these games so much and the fatalities are hilarious, unrealistic messes! :)
Very fun game about beating crap out of people! Game requires tough memorization that rewards players for trying new things! But for my age rating... Lots and lots of gore. In MK11 there are fatalities that make you kill a person in an extremely graphic way. If you decide not to do fatalities (or Fatal Blows) then the gore isn't to heavy. Deserves the M rating, but give it to a 13 yo without fatalities and then you're A-OK Any younger, get injustice or smash bros. And who knows a mortal kombat character might even get in that game?
Yes, 100% the most brutal game you could see. With that you get the choice to either kill your opponent in a fatality or brutality, but characters get the choice to either kill or let there opponents live or die. You can also here quite a few s words and one or two f bombs. No sexy things related to this game. Some characters such as Jax Briggs smokes a cigar most of the time but no drug or alcohol substances. This game as you would expect has a ton of blood and gore. Players can cut off any body’s parts, rip out spines, oozing brains, burning body’s, basically anything that in voles voilence and gore is in this game.
it depends on the child because if you are buying this for a sensitive child just dont but for a mature child yes otherwise 17 or 18+
There is a lot of profanity and gore. I would not recommend this unless 18 years of age or older. It can be sexual at times, because I have seen story mode many times when asking him to turn it down. It drops the “F word” quite a bit along with the h,s,a,b, about any other cuss word you could possibly think about. They upgraded the gore from the original and I know people who have had nightmares about the game. It is a rated “ M” (Mature) because of blood and gore, intense violence and strong language. Parents should not let their child play this game. People (NPC) drink beer and alcohol, smoke cigars and cigarettes and their is so much that kids should not know about until they are older. I’d say if you want another game that has fighting in it for the Nintendo Switch, get Supersmashbros.