 Amazing game. It’s notw as scaring as some would say.
Not as bad as you think
Great game
It’s okay
Street fighter, but way gory
Best Mortal Kombat Game
I Mean it's Mortal Kombat
Not as bad as you think
Best Game EVER
Lol some people are saying this isn’t real but if this isn’t real wouldn’t somebody just take inspiration and try these stunts in real life to see if they work?
best one of the series
Violent but good
Not intended for children
Absurd Greatness 11
is mortal kombat for kids
Ok first thing is that there is no denying that this game is very gruesome. But if you play the story mode than there is not any gore that is in your face and over the top. The violence is not much worse than what most kids see in superhero movies in the story mode of this game. As for the rest of the game... in a fight there is not much that is actually bad or gruesome. There are “fatal blow” attacks which are violent super moves, but not a single one of these fatal blows even show gore, it’s just tons of animated blood in slow motion hits and stabs. Other than that there is blood when you attack someone but it isn’t very over the top or gruesome. But when a game is finished you have the option to “finish” your opponent with a fatality or brutality. The brutalities are super straight forward, punch a dudes head off, eat someone’s arm, split someone in half with a kick to the chest, rapidly shoot someone and ect... but the fatalities are pretty gruesome. The fatalities are NOT MANDATORY and after a while of playing the game, most players don’t even attempt at doing one. After a while the gore also just becomes a gimmick. But it’s generally pretty gruesome. There is also not much of a reward to getting a fatality/brutality except for “hearts” which is pretty much just a currency that you can use to get cool chests with a character skin. These skins can also just be earned from normal chests using “koins” but it’s not guaranteed. Other than that the game is fine. If you really care you can just tell your kid to not do a fatality or brutality... but sometimes your might unintentionally do one but... that’s a story for another day. To sum this up... this is a really REALLY good game and if you can handle a little blood than you can probably appreciate this game for what it is.
Although it does contain bucketloads of violence, it is okay to play for any responsible child.
If you should let your kids play this game is up to if they can handle the over the top blood and gore. This is my favorite game, and while some 13 year olds should not play it I can handle something like a x-ray of someone slamming a spear into your opponent’s head
So I’m 12 and I do find these things quite enjoyable but I know that I