 shouldn’t be watching them so that’s why I give it a 14+. Though it’s very graphic and violent you can look past it because you know for a fact it will NEVER HAPPEN in real life. All of the fatalities and fatal blows are very replicated and no one could repeat them in real life. Overall it seems like a good game. I haven’t played it but looks like a very clean game.
I love Mortal Kombat, and I would totally recommend this game to others. I’ve seen reviews on here saying that this game is fine for young kids because ‘you can turn off the gore’. Let me tell you, thats not true. Theres no option to turn off the gore because this game is made for adults. Next to the fighting part and storymode which isnt that violent, a character can perform a so called ‘fatality’ to gruesomely finish off their opponent. These fatalities are basically murders in the most gross and gruesome way you can think of, and photorealistic graphics make them seem like they’re straight out of a horror movie. It’s not like your kid’s gonna turn out to be a psychopath from these, its the fact that some can’t see the difference between fiction and reality. If you’re considering gifting this game to someone, be sure they’re at least 16 or older and ask them if they are familiar with the Mortal Kombat series.
This by far is the best Mortal Kombat game you can get. The story surprisingly was really good. The way that the characters spoke and moved in this felt more natural than the other games. The mechanics of combat in this is different from the other two games. This can be a grindy game especially if you want to obtain the skins and gears pieces of all of the characters in the game. It might just be me but the fatalities in this game didn't feel like they weren't as sickening to watch than the other two games. The graphics and music are awesome.
THIS GAME IS not as brutal as people make it out to be The only problem I see for kids 4-7 is getting absolutely DESTROYED while in combat with another human being more competent than them. But while they are trying their best not to get killed they can watch an awesome fatality at the end The game has Swear words that are bleeped out though so i guess its fine. Tl;DR: Its okay for kids 8+ not because of the words but because most kids younger than that will probably find it hard to play and give up on the game
Most people say there is a lot of gore and bones breaking, but just because it contains this doesn’t mean that kids will turn violent. These games are fun. Why is it ol? Well what’s wrong with blood, hearing people swear (a lot of people swear nowadays) and females. Like really? It’s all ok. Maybe there might be some