 organ showing and bone breaking x-ray, but what is wrong with that exactly?
This game is GREAT. Although if your child still has nightmares. I would not recommend this game. But Personally, I do not have this game but my best friend does and I fell in LOVE WITH THIS GAME 10/10. And the swearing is really just Kano. And no one uses him anyway really. I think 9 and 10 yr olds should play this game. Plus the blood is only in fatalities and stuff and you can turn it off.(The blood u can turn off)
All Mortal Kombat games are fun. Though these newer mortal kombat brutal fatal kills now, I feel like are less brutal than the older games of this franchise. Because the finishing moves are so over the top gory that it's kinda ridiculous. I feel like the grittiness is gone. Don't get me wrong, the gore is still gross, it's just more silly now. Like I said, the finishing moves are so unrealistic BUT I am still gonna rate this 18+ for just the amount violence.
Who ever tells you that the older games aren't as violent then they have never played mortal kombat. back in mk 1 people would say that it wasn't as violent as it is now. that isn't true at all, it is just as violent as mk 11 but it just didn't look as nice because they didn't have all of this fancy new technology. this game has lots of blood and gore, it also has cursing but it isn't as bad as mk10 this is by far the most gorey and fun game of the series
It is a great game. It is violent but i started playin ultimate mortal Kombat 3 when i was 5,6 or 7 now i am 12. sex none. Funny YES. The fatalitys a sometimes funny especially jonhy cages fatalitys. Swearing a bit
Okay, I wasn't going to write a review for this game, but there are too many people saying 8+. I have this game, it is a really fun game, but it isn't okay for small children. The game has gratuitous violence, such as ripping off limbs, heads, bones, and organs. The language is pretty bad, but not as bad as something like Watch_Dogs. There is no sexuality. The original Mortal Kombat arcade game was the reason video game age ratings were created, and the violence in the original doesnt even compare to the violence in this game. This game is not intended for children. Let me get this straight, some reviews here are saying you can turn off the blood and gore, their children lied to them, I have searched through the settings multiple times and have not found any way to turn off the blood and gore.
This game is amazing, in most ways. The cons are that its Towers of Time is too grindy and frustrating, and gear is inconvenient to obtain. Everything else is good. Don't believe Chad's review. The violence is so