 over-the-top it's funny. The fatalities, fatal blows, and brutalities are literally impossible to do in real life; Ed Boon made this clear. Get this game, but I recommend when it gets on sale.
i think that the game is full bloody gore an is not a good game for young kids to even view but i think older teens can handle he game fine
The Best!
Good Game With Funny Writing
Fun with no scariness and hardly any violence!If your kids like Minecraft or The Legends of Zelda, then this is a PERFECT game for them.
I like it. I feel like its more Minecraft from a top bottom perspecive but sure. It has funny writhing, but there's better games on the consoles that its on, so... you know. The online mode is pretty cool too.
Great Art style, And Great Game for People of all ages.
Amazing game, cultural norms of the 30s.
Hard, drinking and gambling is involved a lot, but still a good game (spoilers)
amazing
Amazing for mature kids!
THIS GAME IS EVERYTHING
This is a good game
Frustrating yet beautiful
AWESOME
ITS GOOD!
great game
Cuphead
This is a great game
Good
Not that bad.
It's Amazing, even if a little hard.
Fine For Younger Kids, If They Can Beat It
Great game that tweens would enjoy
1930s cartoon today.
This game has an amazing style of graphics, and Is one of the best platformers I have played. It includes very mild cartoon violence, no blood or gore, Some of the bosses and enemies may be scary for young children. It is easy to learn, but might frustrate kids and adults for this matter because of it's difficulty curve. Great Buy!
This game is very fun, although very difficult. Studio MDHR takes the beloved 1930s cartoon artstyle and makes a beautiful handcrafted experience that many kids and adults will enjoy. It also has a very catchy soundtrack that you will find yourself humming along with. The soundtrack is so catchy, there were many songs I knew without even playing the game. The game, however, is one of the most difficult of it's time. The only game I recall being this hard is insane mode Path of Radiance, which was a long time ago. It will definitely induce rage, and will take a lot of time and practice to learn. The only problems with this game, besides the difficulty, is the drug reference. The game has some background drinking, gambling, and smoking. In one boss fight, there is a background of a club, in which one cartoony character is seen smoking, as well as a boss that is a tipsy whiskey bottle. There is also a boss that has a pipe, and a boss that is a slowly burning cigarette. There is a couple instances of the word "hell" being used, but all of the above issues are barely shown in the game. TL;DR This is a stellar game that has some alchohol and smoking reference.
This game is well-animated and drawn, yet very hard to complete. The story is about two kids who wander too far from home despite their parent/guardian's warnings,