 and now have to fight bosses for the devil so that he will not take their souls. The player has to shoot the enemies that sometimes look intimidating, and the two children from the story walk into a casino and gamble. However, the two children end up facing and defeating the devil and gaining their town freedom from the devil. By doing the right thing, they conquer evil and become heroes.
Yes, it's a bit hard. Yes it has a bit of smoking and drinking and stuff. But it never goes overboard with either of those two. It's super fun and the aesthetic is just so good.
I think that this is a really fun game for kids who will not take any of this to seriously. The only bad things is the gambling and one level with the word "Hell" in it. And if you are a person who takes Catholic or Christian beliefs seriously, I don't recommend this. It involves the devil and there is one level where the main villain shoots out what appears to be the illuminate (Not like the company, sorry for my bad spelling.) But other than that it is a fun problem solving game with cool graphics that parents I think will love. I really recommend this!
This game is truly a piece of art. The graphics, the soundtrack, everything is so amazing. Few things you might wanna know: the game is really challenging, so expect some rage quits ;), there is some drinking and gambling involved and some of the last mini-bosses are 3 cups of alcohol who are demonstrated as drunk and a cigar. There is no blood or gore, just cartoony violence. Otherwise this game is just really awesome.
This game is very good everyone should play it even if they suck
Yes, the concept of the game is wacky, but don’t let that get your hopes down! This game is absolutely amazing! The art design is brilliant, the controls are easy (yet they really test them in the boss battles) and there is no actual blood shown, just a small POOF and they’re gone. There is some mild language and casinos and cigarettes are shown. The game is very frustrating, but winning makes you feel like a million bucks! Totally worth $19.99!
VERY DIFFICULT
The graphics really bring you the old-cartoony look just its like an old game.
really good game the animations are good. and easy gameplay
Well ok I dont get wy the S word isent present because...calamari a yea...but it's fun and cool and it's old fashion graphics so there's sum smoking so I say 10 plus.5 stars (I love cuphead.)
This is a great game now this is not a game that the win is handed to you this is a very hard game and you have to be able to handle with frustration that the game throws at you. Now this is a great game and by the end of each level you feel a sense of accomplishment which is great. So you start