 to understand the concept of work hard and get rewarded.
Drugs 7/10 Violence 5/10 Sex 2/10 Goodness 8/10 Thanks for listening!
I haven't personally played the game, but I played one boss and I swore a lot. I watched a bunch of gameplays and it's amazing! The only thing bad about it is the difficulty but it IS the point! It's good for all ages if your kid doesn't get angry easily. There are some dark themes though.
Beautiful graphics, wonderful music, and the controls aren't to hard once you get the hang of it. I highly suggest it.
Okay, so, this is a Critical Compendium, a phrase which here means “a shorter analysis of something than usual”. It will be, as usual, divided into Parental Guidance and Quality. Parental Guidance: Alright, so, how can any of the bosses be considered scary? I’ve read all the reviews, and at least half of them say that the bosses can be scary for younger kids, and… okay. Maybe the devil, ‘cause, uh, he’s the devil, but otherwise… no. They aren’t. What, does some kid have a phobia of Nazi rats? (Yeah, that’s a boss.) Other than… y’know, THE DEVIL, nothing is scary, and, really people? Hell is not a curse word, it's a biblical place. Also, period smoking and drinking, and very mildly at that. Plus, they’re frogs. Anyway, Cuphead is not an inappropriate game. It’s E10+ for a reason, and that’s mild drinking and smoking. Seriously. Grow up. Quality: Okay, so, y’know how I said that A Series of Unfortunate Events was the best piece of media of all time? Yeah, I had forgotten about this game. First of all, let me talk about the animation. It’s hand drawn, and at first, you wouldn’t think that’s too impressive. But then you think about how they had to animate every single possible outcome of you moving the joysticks and clicking the buttons. And they don’t cheat, they hand animate literally everything, except for the book that’s used to show the story. But for literally every single action in the game, they painstakingly drew every single frame. Because of that, the game took around four years to make. But, moving back to the story, it’s not supposed to be good. Everybody’s talking about how it teaches good morals, and all that, but that’s not the point. The story is intentionally generic and bad. The showcase is on the hardness of the game, the uniqueness of the animation, and the quality of the music. I’ll get to how hard the game is in a second, but the music really is top notch. The music, just like everything in the game, matches the style of thirties cartoons, innin that the score is composed of incredibly catchy jazz songs. Only two songs in the game actually have lyrics, and even they manage to match the tone of the game. Now. On to the hardness. It’s just… it’s just… well, I have over nine hundred deathes on my original world. Obviously,