 also some kissing (one scene) and fighting. There is absolutely no blood whatsoever and Spidey never kills his enemies. The game is relatively easy to play and the fun never ends. It is also quite long and enjoyable and is true nostalgia for the original Spider-Man gamers and viewers. The elements in this game are also very similar to the Batman Arkham Series. So overall, I believe 10+ or 11+ would better suit this game.
This game is an open world game, where you choose what you do, you can follow the story mode, or work on the countless side missions provided around the city. There is almost no blood, the only violence is when you encounter thugs with guns, and the only language is like 2 times in the game when Peter says Sh*t or Da*n. There are no sexual themes whatsoever in this game, and it teaches kids good lessons about putting yourself before others. Kudos to Insomniac
This game is so incredibly fun. The swinging is amazing, the fighting is on point, and the suits are super cool and stylish. A little swearing, violence is there, but there's almost no blood. The controls can be a bit tricky, but I got used to them real fast. Stan Lee does appear in a cameo, which is awesome. (R.I.P.) I love this game and I highly recommend it!
This Game is the perfect definition of The Classic Superhero!!, Amazing Dialogue, Beautiful Landscapes, Dazzling Graphics and awesome game-play, you play as the Web-Slinger to face off several villains within Spidey's Rogue's Gallery ( Doc Ock, Vulture, Electro, Scorpion (Mac Gargan not the Ninja) Shocker, Tombstone, The Rhino, Hammerhead , Taskmaster, Kingpin, and the mysterious Mr. Negative It also has many famous costumes in Spider-Mans' Wardrobe as well, if you are looking for a game with awesome game-play, a heart-breaking story and is just plain fun for older kids and adults alike then you should play this game , it does feature some language, some references to drugs, and politics, along with some very strong but not to graphic violence and some PG Language
This game is for (minimum) 8 year olds, tough the ideal age is 13 (hence teen rating). If this was a film, it would be PG-13 for violence, language, some suggestive themes and a scene of terrorism. Yeah... TERRORISM. I played this when I was 8, but it was hardly bad. Also, some frequent language includes sh*t, ass, damn and b*tch used one time being muffled, with one being cut off by MJ, tough she doesn't say the word. The violence is pretty heavy, but there are strong role models (ESPECIALLY SPIDEY IN THE END). The playing is a bit hard, but when you see the tutorials and get used to it, you'll press square square square, X, O, and square. Sex isn't that bad, from what I remember. Drinking drugs and smoking is used, tough not frequently. It has Marvel characters, and that's the maximum of consumerism, tough it may