 CUPHEAD IS AWESOME
Even more of a classic than the cartoons that inspired it.
This is a good game but I will talk about a review
Hard, But So Worth The Time!
Incredible stylized game
amazing game
Gambling, smoking, violence
THIS IS NOT FOR KIDS UNDER 13!!!!!!!!!!!
Good for parents and kids alike.
It's Good! But Some Of Parts are...
Great Game
I am awed.
The Devil is fitting for this game.
Hard puzzle game wiht lots of cartoon violence and few scenes with smoking.
Not to bad
this game is amazing
Super hard and fun
Suitable for everyone imo
Super-hard game is never quite too frustrating.
Cuphead is super unique and amazing in my eyes. I am a kid that started year 8 and Cuphead is a source of entertainment for me. The problem is that disturbing scenes and creepy scenes prove to me that kids the age 12 and under should not be allowed to play this game. Many adults believe that this game is fun and good for their kids, but the fact that 2 kids killing people just to escape their own death is inappropriate. They should not be allowed games like these until they start year 7 or High School.
This game is a lot of fun in every single way. The music is catchy as all heck, the animation is peculiar and the levels are a ton of fun. This game is very hard, though. It also contains gambiling,drinking,smoking and violence. Therefore, I recommend it only to tweens and above.
one person put a reveiw for riverdale not cuphead so thats all
This game is super hard with the mechanics, and the bosses themselves, but it is super worth it when you hear "KNOCKOUT!" appear on the screen! It definitely isn't the best option for younger children, as they could break the device used trying to defeat a boss, and there is smoking and alcohol present in some levels (And the word hell is present) but it shouldn't be too much to worry about! The art is phenomenal in this game and I couldn't have asked for anything better from this game!
The game is PHENOMONAL!! I love this game with it's retro style of 30's cartoon and the immense difficulty of older games, and I think anyone that can play this game should. The only concern is that there are cigarettes, and casino's, but both are shown in a negative light, even telling kids that gambling is really bad, and killing a cigarette. They were even able to cut out guns, instead you snap at the enemies and send little magic pellets at them. In conclusion, please please please play this game and let your kids play.
this game is great for all ages
The game is not scary, but some characters smoke and gamble, the characters fight but there is not blood and stuff, the game is also pretty complicated for young kids.
this game is good but as seen in the trailer the drink cuphead puts in his head is a bootleg beer called moonshine
This game is amazing. It takes the 1920s style of cartoon and implements