 it in such a way that you can’t tell whether you are in 2019 playing on a Saturday afternoon or in the 20s sitting around the tv waiting for Sunday cartoons to come on. I legitimately believe this is a game that can be enjoyed by all generations, despite its difficultly, it is a masterclass on how to make a game both accessible and enjoyable for everyone! If you are a parent wondering if you should let your children play this game, I implore you to buy it for them! It is great fun local multiplayer (meaning if you have 2 controllers you can work together to beat bosses.) and just as great single player. As for content, the main storyline includes characters cuphead and milkman after sneaking into a bad part of the isles (the main part of the game you play In) cuphead and milkman end up in a casino, where they go on a winning streak, blinded by there riches, they meet the owner of the casino, the devil. The devil says if they roll a 6 they can have the casino, if they do not, he gets to claim their souls. They, of course, do not roll a 6, and beg the devil to spare them. The devil says if they will go out on a mission to collect the debts owed to him by others he will spare them. Now I know that doesn’t all sound like something you want your eight year old playing, but please bare in mind that this is all done in a 1920s Disney style. Back to the story. After that cutscenes is over you, cuphead, set out on your journey to collect the debts owed by different bosses, you do this by traversing inkwell isle. Now the fights in this game consist of you going into a 2d screen, much like Mario, and shooting blue pellets at the bosses, as they hurl attacks at you, such as a plant boss throwing seeds at you, and a slime boss trying to jump on you. If you are able to avoid these attacks and hit the boss enough, a narrator will yell “a knockout!” And the boss will faint. Please bare in mind none of this is graphic. After you beat the boss the game will grade you based on how long it took you to beat the boss, and how many times it hit you. The soundtrack for this game is also very good, it really captures the essence of 20s music. Overall, cuphead is a great game, and should be something an adult and there child, (of any age that is old enough to comprehend the basics of a game and story) sit down and play together My final rating is Violence: 2/10 Suggestive or mature story: 4/10 Language: N/A Skill ceiling: easy to learn, Hard to master Sorry for any formatting or autocorrect errors as I wrote this on mobile
It's Good! But Some Of Parts are...Like Devil Will