 TAKE THEIR HEADS! i don't even think i like this.. or if you don't purchase the game or join devil, the title screen will be reversed and super scary!! i'm even a little scared to play this but because this game is 10+... i'm gonna play it.
I think that the violence in this game is really nothing to be concerned about, as the main character hit other characters with straws. As for the smoking, drug, and alcohol references, I think as long as your kid is well educated not to do those things until they are of age (if at all), then they won't really have an influence, having played through the entire game.
Cup head is an AMAZING game. I am awed by the fact that studio MDHR our so much time and effort into it, but that’s not what I’m here to talk about. Cuphead is set in a 1930’s cartoonishly world, on the inkwell isles. Cuphead and his buddy Mugman wander into the devil’s casino (the devil from hell’s bells, not a scary one.), and make the unwise decision to gamble, and they lose. The only way to break their deal is to collect the contracts of other debtors. The premise I don’t agree with, but if you put that aside, you have an amazing game. I will not lie, it is HARD. Like, Contra, hard. If you or your child can last through a challenging game without raging, you will have bucketloads if fun. I highly rate this game, and I hope others try it out. Also, a side note, during the king dice fight each miniboss is a part of a casino, and the only ones you might have to monitor are a cigarette, a stack of poker chips, three bottles of alcohol, and I think there might be one or two more ones you might have to monitor.
CUPHEAD has a beautiful art style and great gameplay. I would recommend it to anyone. But... It says "Hell" as in the place many times, and uses it as a swear in the title of the last level. There is alchohol, smoking, and gambling, but they are discouraged. Ages 10+.
I only rated this a 10+ because of the skill and mastery of this game and how hard it is to complete each level, and I feel like anyone under 10, or even 10 to like 11, would struggle with this to the point where they wouldn't be able to even pass the first level, or the tutorial. However, I would say the game is suitable for kids, there are no real bullets or weapons in this game and everything is very cartoony.
This game's artistic style is amazing, it's fun to play and has very little consumerism, but it's way to randomized at moments, and has a lot of flaws, that i really can't talk about. I love old cartoons and jazz and this game perfectly represents both those things. But kids under the age of 12 shouldn't play