 on the level of difficulty.
It's really fun but very hard so i wouldn't suggest it for younger kids, also there are some references to gambling and drinking but not that much. Also the arts really nice. Overall a very good game for over 10 yr olds.
yes, violence but it's not realistic, it's cartoonish.
Ah, the delight that is this game. Easy to learn, hard to master. Easy to play, hard to finish. Easy to pick up, hard to put down! For starters, no matter how hard the game gets, it always find SOME WAY to nudge you along. Everything from Simple mode to help you get better (and keep your confidence up), to custom control schemes to make the game more suited to you; a progress bar at the game over screen to show you how well you did, to THE BEAUTIFUL SOUND OF THE ANNOUNCER ANNOUNCING YOUR VICTORY!!! And then we have the amazing hand-drawn art style, cartoony sounds, incredible jazz music, and every other tiny little detail they stuck in to make it all the more like a 30's cartoon. (I ain't kiddin' about that music. Check it out.) Now, there are some cons to all the positive. As probably everyone who's ever ACTUALLY played this game has pointed out, the game is very, very difficult. But like I mentioned above, the game has its methods of keeping you going, straight to the end of Expert mode, and beyond. The game can also seem a little bit inappropriate at times: The penultimate level has many, many references to gambling, smoking and alcohol consumption. But if you ask me, it ain't that bad - these are all baddies you fight, and, I mean, what do you expect from an old cartoon anyway? Beyond this, however, it seems that every boss in the game has something intimidating and somewhat frightening (don't get me started about that mermaid...), so small children should not be allowed to play this right before bed. Finally, we have a little bit of language. An un-censored "heck" appears twice (thrice under certain end-game circumstances), first in reference to the Biblical place, and the second (and the optional third) as in "One Heck of a Time." I'm sorry, but if your kid must have this game, be sure they know when and when NOT to use this word. Aaanywayyy... If you look beyond the cartoon violence and general references to mature content (that you'd probably typically see in old cartoons anyway), this is clearly one of the best games of all time, and I don't see why anyone wouldn't have ONE HE(ck) OF A TIME playing it!
this game makes me question certain things... life
Parents are overreacting
It’s not that bad
It’s a good game and I even play it!
A masterpiece of game design.
AMAZING!!!
Awesome !
A charming game that pushes me to my very limits!
the game has a meaning
Love it!
This game may include gambling, but it puts it as a risky and bad thing that people shouldnt do. Its about two boys