 who dont listen to their grandfather and end up at a casino where they end up unintentionally betting their souls, and have to redeem themselves to save their souls. At the end, the player fights the casino ruler, the devil and they burn all of the contracts to save everyone from the devil's wrath. The art style is just like 1930's rubberhose animation and the game itself is just really cute and all of the enemies dont look creepy or scary they just look like cartoon characters. Like a mermaid, frogs, a princess, etc. This game is really good and people need to stop freaking out about it. Its better than letting your kids play CoD or Overwatch. Yes there is a level called "inkwell hell" but they are using it in the terms as in the place, its not like its swearing. If it were swearing, it would be "what the hell" but its saying it as a place. This game is innocent and if you dont like it because there is the devil, you get to beat him up at the end and he is potrayed as a bad guy so calm down.
People say it has drugs but the makers of the game say it has no drugs it only has smoking and cigarettes
Cuphead looks like a child friendly game, but due to the cartoon violence and alcohol references, I would rate this game for ages 12+
Cuphead is a challenging yet rewarding experience. Great visuals, soundtrack and progression hook you as soon as you play the game. With mild references to drinking and smoking, and the moderate difficulty, this game is good for anyone 6+.
THIS GAME IS GREAT! The only thing is that since I beat the game I know that on the second last boss (King Dice) some parts in that boss have smoking, drinking, and gambling.
Sometimes ending is better than mending. In real life it seems like you can't fix what you did and you have to roll with it.
When The Game Have Some Gambilng As Part Of The Story , The Violence is not that big But this game can Cause You A Anger Because it is a really hard game
Cuphead is an incredibly charming game with amazing graphics, but behind that facade, it's a brutal shooter that will push even the most hardcore of gamers to their very limits. The game's story does involve the titular characters dealing with the devil, but it's nothing too dark. The game also does feature drinking and smoking, but nothing too over the top.
this tells kids don't gamble or "deal with the Devil". It is easy to play just switch the "tab" with a better button (like A). What I like best is the old Micky cartoon look.
The Game is like time travel to the past and seeing a cartoon - but you holding joystick in you hands the game could be scary sometimes the game is really not gory (medicore cartoon violence) and the game feels like