 A Amazing Game
What You Expect
Good game can get repetitive but so much fun
How good this game is!!!!!
PLEASE READ
PLEASE READ
Valuable lessons of dedication and "Teamwork makes the dream work"
I don’t know what it is with the people... this game is very fun, especially with friends. There is also a Horde Mode that you could play for hours! The game is okay for 10 year olds that become not that scared. Because there are some scary stuff, such as. If you come close. You shoot them apart. Or, if you walk you will find zombie bodies apart. The co-op campaign is better then pvp or other modes. It also has some profanity, but not that much. Also, you could buy stuff, but with in-game-currency. Not with real life dollars. Recommended!
The game contains what you expect from a zombie game, blood, guns, and zombies. It isn't something that should be that bad to play with some friends it becomes pretty fun as you shoot through the zombie hoards. Not that bad and is just what to come across in this genre.
Mass hordes of zombies blood it too much if you are close the body parts come off. the problem is almost all games on common sense media are 18+
A great game with exellent gameplay
Common sense media says that this is for 2+ and 10+ but they are all lies. I’m 11 and tried this game cause of the no blood reviews. As soon as you click start you are greeted by a zombie with blood everywhere for 1 min. When you load into the story the whole thing is constantly killing zombies or zeeks. Their head fly off and blood gushes out and same with every part of there body. You get melee weapons and you cut body’s in half. Bodies on the floor everywhere with blood gushing out. Your heart races even after your done playing. There’s tons of language and the zombie birds keep coming. I can’t tell you how much blood there is. This game is NOTHING like the movie. Please don’t let anyone that’s not 19 or older play it. Take that from an 11 year old. I bought it this morning and took it back three hours after playing it. My mom watched too and she almost had a anxiety attack. ITS BRUTAL!!!
Common sense media says that this is for 2+ and 10+ but they are all lies. I’m 11 and tried this game cause of the no blood reviews. As soon as you click start you are greeted by a zombie with blood everywhere for 1 min. When you load into the story the whole thing is constantly killing zombies or zeeks. Their head fly off and blood gushes out and same with every part of there body. You get melee weapons and you cut body’s in half. Bodies on the floor everywhere with blood gushing out. Your heart races even after your done playing. There’s tons of language and the zombie birds keep coming. I can’t