 tell you how much blood there is. This game is NOTHING like the movie. Please don’t let anyone that’s not 19 or older play it. Take that from an 11 year old. I bought it this morning and took it back three hours after playing it. My mom watched too and she almost had a anxiety attack. ITS BRUTAL!!!
World War Z may be seemingly all about killing zombies and exploding stuff, but beneath the surface level of each story lies a complex tale of trial and error, real dedication, and teamwork. Each story takes place in a different country and different city, and in every one of them the goal is to escape the zombie infested city through a series of levels. This teaches dedication. However, some profanities are present, but if that is no issue, then this game is perfect!
AWESOME!
Never played it but fun
Imagine creating merging and you being in it! Give it a try!
Weed Inc? Seriously?
Very bland, boring and unsuitable for immature kids
My 6 year old sister found an add for this in dragon city. She thought it was a game about selling flowers and asked to download it.
Sexual themes, very strong profanity, there is no exact story to the game. Strong language is one of the main factors, and of course, drug references is the main factor.
My favourite game series!
Ace Attorney Games are Great!
Light-Hearted Murder Mystery
Amazing game!
Edgeworth sometimes says some suggestive things
Best Role Model for Kids!
Honest Ace Attorney Review
Just play it already!
Comedic, sometimes slightly dark courtroom drama
Wow!
A fun detective game for teens!
BEST GAME EVER!!!! MUST BUY, IF YOU DON'T, YOU'RE MISSING OUT!!!
I personally started on the first game aged 10, but even then I feel as though it would depend on the individual to judge on ages. I'd say definitely suitable for 13 years olds and likely suitable for those aged 10 and above but not for those below. The game plots tend to involve murder and corruption, however these are never portrayed as good and as the main character you aim to clear up any doubts about your usually innocent client and find the true villain! In terms of gameplay there is a lot of reading involved and choosing the right option can sometimes be highly frustrating! Blood is occasionally shown but it's not very realistic. Characters are bright and funny, often with puns for names. Some female characters are overly busty however nothing more than size is ever portrayed. There are fantasy elements (spirit mediums anyone?) and these often tie into the most sinister of cases. Overall it's a highly enjoyable game for people who enjoy reading and watching a story unfold. The characters make this game because of their wackiness. The game is full of great role models and messages, however for younger kids, the murders may be a little too much.
I love these games. It mostly involves murder mysteries, but it does have a good story and characters I love. There is a little blood and flashbacks of murder. There are also some