 suggestive themes and so it may be a little inappropriate for younger kids, but anyone 13+ should be able to handle it. These games are a visual novel style game, with some point and click parts, so it won't be for everyone. If you get stuck you will have to look up guides to get past that part, and sometimes you won't know what to do and it will get messed up if you do things out of order. Some female charectors wear revealing clothing. This game is going to be difficult for some
Obviously a murder mystery is gonna be more for teens in terms of content, but there are no super emotional deaths and the crime scenes generally have minimal blood. Dark themes such as blackmail are present. "Damn" is infrequently heard. Other than that, there is one use of "What the hell is that wriggling piece of plywood?!" and one of the side characters refers to a client as "Not your average attention whore." There is some innuendo and cleavage. However, the murderers are convicted and it presents good role models.
The content of most ace attorney games is fairly mild and younger children may be upset by the mention of murder and suicide. Blood is depicted (although unrealistic) but I don't see it being an issue. This game heavily relies on the players ability to read as all dialog is written not spoken theirfore slower readers may take quiet a while to complete chapters which could be frustrating. Figuring out the mysteries can often be difficult too which could frustrate children who may not get it. I think it depends on the maturity of the child and their problem solving skills but if you think the game would be suitable for them then I STRONGLY reccomend this game as it has strong themes of doing good, uncovering the truth and defending those who cannot defend themselves. This game is also packed with good role models and has great characters. This game also shows that even good characters make mistakes e.g the detective giving the player an outdated autopsy report on accident or witnesses lying to protect the defendant ect the game clearly shows these wrongs being undone and is, in my opinion, just what todays children need as it strengthens their reading and problem solving skills while providing fantastic role models while being a fun and enjoyable series.
The game is amazing but edgeworth sometimes says questionable things like what do you mean w***e and like a s**t could say the truth
I think this is a fantastic game! It teaches kids what to do if you want to be a lawyer. It does cost $30.00, though.
This HD collection of the original 3 ace attorney games is great. It has mild violence with blood but no gore. It also has VERY mild swears (damn, heck, etc). This game is just great in general and is a blast!
This is one of the best values currently on the 3DS E-Shop, as it’s