 three great games for $30. Violence consists of a few blood stains and a few dead people in pictures, but that’s about it. Swearing is virtually not present, just an occasional “hell” and “damn” really only in the first game. Sex isn’t a problem for the most part, just some skimpy/sexualized outfits but this was made in Japan. Oversexualizing things is something that happens quite a bit there. There’s also one character who smokes a pipe. Role models are excellent and the stories are very engaging. Play it. Seriously. Like, right now.
Personally, I played this game series back in 2015 when I was 10, and it's fine. The swearing is minimal, the role models are amazing, has great messages, and it'll help your kids to learn about real world problems and help them solve problems themselves using their brains. The violence is so low, even I was surprised. Black and white crime photos and minimal in-color investigations covers up the more violent murders and make the others so tame, it's almost nothing. The only one I get even slightly surprised at was the final one in Case 5 of PW:AA 1, where someone got impaled on a knight's sword, but it's very important evidence, so it's not useless. Overall, the game's fine as long as your kid's not very queasy.
What an amazing game! You got to respect a company that makes games like this. Just imagine a world where Grand Theft Auto was replaced with Phoenix Wright! (I don't play Grand Theft Auto). Players can investigate a crime scene, and play as a defense attorney. The story of each case keeps the player excited to figure out each case. This game also presents the reasons why lying is wrong. When 1 lie is made, more lies will come to protect the first lie. A game worth your time! HOWEVER, mild language appears, such as the 'D' and 'P' words. And some animated blood appears on screen, the blood I think is ok for children to handle, but the language could be a problem.
The Phoenix Wright Trilogy reminds me of a typical TV-PG crime show like Psych or Monk. The plot involves a pretty serious case, but the zany and heartwarming characters make the show much less dark. That's how the Phoenix Wright series feels. There are some pretty dark cases that mostly involve murder, but they are offset by the cartoonish visuals and over-the-top (in a good way) characters. Murders mostly happen off screen. There is blood occasionally at a crime scene, but it's a very small amount that's generally used as evidence. Some characters are threatened by the villains with weapons. Other than mild references to violence, the anime exaggerates the characters bodies. There are some female characters with very low-cut appeal. A lot of the men are unrealistically muscular. Lastly, it's important to note that this game requires a lot reading and deductive reasoning, so a level of maturity and patience is required. It's a rewarding game though