 with hilarious and memorable characters.
I'm serious. This is the best game ever that has ever existed. This game will blow your mind like no other game. If you don't mind reading a lot, I say don't think and GO BUY IT NOW. This game is sort of like reading a long, hilarious, but also mind-blowing and at some places super sad book with an intricate and twisting plot and characters that you will fall in love with, e.g. Miles Edgeworth. So it's basically a visual novel. I swear that you will both laugh and cry when you play this game. This game also has incredible educational value. It teaches you that no matter what circumstances, justice has to be served, or that you should never give up till the bitter end, or that you have to believe in miracles. Stuff like that. I swear that I have become a better person after finishing this game. So l demand you go and buy it now. GO. If you don't, then, I will only say, OBJECTION! IMPORTANT REMINDER: Never, ever play with the sound turned off. You will miss out on, like, probably the BEST part of this game.
great game!
hard
yoshi is the best mario character
do not play
A game that is gonna keep kids busy and maybe smart
I am not a fan of strategy games, besides Tropico. Mild violence, suggestive language, use of alcohol and tobacco and that is pretty much it. Recommended for kids that like strategy games. It is a very beautiful game.
Assassins creed 3 remastered review
Great game with sword violence
Its not that bad
A remaster that feels like a port.
This game is amazing
Its pretty darn good!
Why do u give every m game an 18+?! Like seriously like it’s not that bad I hope u guys see this and change the review! like I play it sometimes and I didn’t think it was bad so please update your review
Very infrequent strong language (only in cutscenes). There is strong sword violence (stabbing etc.) but no gore or close up wounds. Should be okay for most teens.
In assassins creed 3 you take the role as Conner a Native American assassin who try’s to track down Templars during the American revolution war. There is not a lot of swearing and blood can be disabled. It also has some educational value because you meet important historical figures such as George Washington and Benjamin Franklin. And you can also see events that lead up to the war such as the Boston massacre and Boston tea party. In short Assassins creed 3 is a game that 14 year olds would enjoy especially if you played the other games
This game aged quite terribly. The remaster is riddled with graphical anomalies, poor lighting, and bad textures. The gameplay is dated and repetitive, while the world is quite bland. If you buy this game, it is the same price as the Assassin's Creed Odyssey season pass, which actually includes this game. I recommend buying the gold version of odyssey, which includes