 to drinking, as Class VII's homeroom teacher, Instructor Sara, does drink in her free time, but she never shows up drunk in the game, and even if she does and I just failed to notice, she acts the same, maybe just a bit exaggerated - hilarious, witty, and talented. Overall: Everything mentioned above may make the game sound a bit harsh, but in all honesty, the game would lose its touch without some of those parts. The protagonists all have good intentions, even if they make mistakes, like all humans do, making many of the characters very relatable. Some of the dialogue is absolutely hysterical, and the voice acting is really done well, and it makes up for the slightly choppy animations. It makes the characters come alive. It seems a lot more like an animated tv show or movie than a videogame at points, because there will be thirty straight minutes of dialogue. It's a good game for teens who love adventure, friendship, and strategy. Plot that may contain spoilers: the students of Thors Military work together to try and prevent a civil war. The game ends at a cliffhanger and must be continued in Trails of Cold Steel II.
Light profanity is contained but minor. Violence is not too bad but includes mild animated blood. Sexuality is mild as they discuss female breast size.
You can only play it when you do homework
Common sense
This game isn't as bad as many think
great game
JEEZ
11+
If you think this is a bad game I can understand why and also if your kids are having nightmares about this game they should learn to grow up and get tuff. Overall it’s a fun game and I would definitely recommend this game it’s one of the funnest games I have ever played if you want to lear more about this game there is a YouTuber named Igp he gives a run down of the game and has a walkthrough and he will cuss but the game will not. Attack me if you want parents I’m indestructible and you know it
This game isn't as bad as everybody thinks it shouldn't be rated T it should be rated E+10. The robots are a little creepy and you see a few dead bodies along the way, but it really isn't that bad there is no blood and it does have a good deal of violence. I have personally played this game and it is very fun but there are a lot of guns and there will be times where you fight the roots but other than that its a puzzle game deep down. There are a few glitches and there are some irritating moment and some people might find the robots scary but its overall a good game
its super good
It’s fine. Barely any violence. My parents didn’t let me play first person shooters until I was 14 but I think my little brother could play this. He watches all the time. My mom is fine with it. 10+. No gore