 or sex. Hasn’t cussed.
Some repetitive violence but not like some zombie game and no blood
Best game of all time
I was 10 when I first played this game and it was amazing. Even though the graphics are a little outdated these days, it doesn’t matter and fir me makes the game more nostalgic and comforting. Although my favourite video game, when I was 10/11 certain game mechanics (Materia setups/uses) We’re hard to fully understand but I was able to still play the game and it was fun. The violence isn’t really violence, it’s like what you would see in a tv show, although in some sections of the game there are trails of blood plus all the enemies you fight are monsters. There is minor profanity including words like damn, piss, hell, and some uses of censored words. There are a few suggestive sexual themes in parts of the game and Tifa possesses large breasts (no clear cleavage.) There are also some intense or sad scenes which I will not spoil. In total, this game is my favourite, has a great story, great gameplay and offers hours and hours and hours of gameplay because of the the games many secrets and side quests. Would highly recommend if you are running out of games to play or you just want a good video game. (Keep in mind it might be hard to find original ps1 copies nowadays.) Hope this helped.
they can hit people in the leg with balls
screw it buy it
Fantastic! But be aware of certain things
Fajna Gra
Hard, Gory and Scary
You will go insane
A masterpiece worth the perseverance
One of the best games I've ever played.
Content Wise, totally appropriate, but the difficulty makes it not great for younger kids.
It’s Very Very hard and it’s very violent.
Really fun at first, but soon becomes disappointing
Not a bad game
Interesting, fun, but very tough
Real talk
Another masterpiece by From Software.
This game has gore, good news you can turn it off, the gore isn't the issue, this is a from software game, they are brutally difficult to the untrained be aware your child, friend etc may get incredibly frustrated.
W?a?ciwie przemoc to jedyna rzecz kt?ra wp?yne?a na wiek. Nie ma tu nic z?ego opr?cz krwi tryskaj?cej na wszystkie strony ?wiata ale mi si? wydaje ?e tak +16 ta gra powinna by?.
the gameplay is REALLY hard but mostly fair as long as you offer your soul to HOURS of practice. there is a "posture meter" and when it fills up the enemy gets stunned and you can jump on them and stab them. its gory, and it takes out entire phases of bosses and is a 1-shot to any normal enemy to my knowledge. the only reason its 15+ is beacause the theme of enemies are centipides, which are in my opinion really gross and scary. skip the following list if you want to avoid enemy design spoilers: -centipides that """""hug""""" you -a boss's neck can become a centipide, a centipide-giraffe-monkey, if you will -(after you decapitate a giant) a centipide