 will sometimes come out of his neck but its slim and looks like a line from the distance. your main focus is not dying for the 10000th time on him because omg that guy is annoying -a centipide puking on you(never seen it myself, i took it out REALLY fast, got this one from Reddit) -a monkey with a centipide coming out of its neck and its really REALLY weird there are a lot more centipide enemies because in this game they are considered the symbol of immortality and the game sort of loves them, i dont FYI i didnt play 100% of the game myself because i had a friend play when things get way too centipide-y so i cant speak on 100% of the difficulty but what i have played tells me that this is the hardest FROM SOFTWARE game. if you hate centipides as much as i do this game isnt such a good time. if you want a ninja game that dosent focus so much on abominations with 1000 legs, or want something easier, OR want a story thats easier to understand i recommend "Ghost Of Tsushima" its coming out 17 July 2020 BUT it is a playstation 4 exclusive
Violence is the only thing that gives the game a mature rating, you kill enemies usually with your katana but there is also a variety of other weapons such as throwing stars, etc. There is an excessive blood spray when you stab an enemy but it quickly goes away, anyone 13 and older can handle it. The problem a lot of people have with the game is that it is insanely difficult. You fight overpowered bosses that can take hundreds of trys to beat and sometimes you'll get killed by simple enemies. If you have minor anger issues or are impatient then I would steer clear of the game and save your money. If you're a skilled player then I would say go for it because the game has good mechanics and you have to think to get by levels.
I thought this game was absolutely amazing, and worth the 60 dollars if you’re willing to persevere through tough boss fights. Gameplay wise it’s amazing, although it has a steep learning curb the combat is absolutely amazing and is focused on being close to your enemy and not letting them recuperate after you damage them, the deflection is simple but hard to lock down and you’ll eventually find other mechanics like the mikiri counter (a method of steeping on a thrusting enemy’s weapon to damage their posture) makes combat much more interesting and fluent throughout the game. The bosses are tough and you’ll have to throw yourself at them repeatedly in order to topple them. In terms of story the game is amazing, the main character, wolf, has been given divine blood by his master kuro and is now immortal (but for gameplay sake you can only come back once) he seeks to find his master and escort