 him out of the country of Ashina and he will kill anyone who gets in his way, but once wolf finds kuro, kuro refuses to leave because he wants to sever the immortal ties, and wolf agrees to help again eliminating all who get in his way, but the story isn’t about mindless murder it has a lot of themes that can be missed if you’re not looking for them. The game is about wolf’s guilt and regret about killing his enemies and how built up guilt leads to anger. It also deals with whether or not he should betray his father to serve Kuro, and how giving into anger and hate may be the easiest thing to do but it may not be the right thing to do as well as themes regarding how power can corrupt if abused a boss in the game, the corrupted monk, is called that because she has been corrupted by immortality. In terms of inappropriate content as you’ve seen from looking at the common sense review sex and language are entirely absent from the game, upon killing an enemy most of the time you’ll go for the neck and there will be a fountain of blood and the enemy will stagger and die however the gore is unrealistic and when it shows up on the ground and walls it’s just a black liquid bearing no resemblance to blood at all and there’s the refined sake which if you give to characters they will become intoxicated. Believe it or not this game has educational value because a lot of it has deep roots in Japanese culture, the centipedes that offer immortality in the game to your enemies were a symbol of impurity in feudal Japanese culture and the dragon that gives you immortality is a symbol of purity. Overall this game is a masterpiece that is worth playing if you’re willing to push through some challenge to get to the end than I would one hundred percent recommend it, however it is difficult so if you’re looking for something that you can sit back and experience with no challenge at all this is not the game for you.
I see people complaining about gore but you can turn off blood in the settings. I don't think it is worse than anything you would see in a pg13 movie. And the blood doesn't look very realistic so I really didn't find it that gory. However if you are disturbed by blood, stabbing etc, this may not be the best game.
First of all, this is a great game. The fighting mechanics are second to none, and the world is vast and beautiful. The variety of different types of bosses makes them never get old, and the game gives you a lot of freedom to explore because along with being able to run faster than a car on the highway, you have a grappling hook so you can travel from building with ease. Now, the difficulty is something