 that will turn a lot of people away. This game only has about a 20% completion rate, and most of those are very good players that knew that the game was going to be difficult. For younger players, their game mechanics and will to stay invested even when it gets hard. I did end up beating the game, but it took me 6 months and I died 542 times. That is nearly triple the amount of times I died from any other game. I’m just warning you that you or your kid need to know how difficult the game is before spend $60 on it. But overall, it is a fantastic game that 100% deserved GOTY.
It’s the hardest game I every played period. Also if your kid has violence issues the game is not for him/her. Even if you turn of blood the stabbing is still chilling.
I believe Sekiro a very mediocre game. It’s extremely fun and surprising at first, and can be very addicting. It’s also added new tweaks and ideas that are inspiring and don’t pop up in other games. You also have a lot of freedom to do what you want and try different things, and this always makes a game good. There is also a ton of stuff to explore and discover, with a lot of hidden mechanics and secret bosses. But I want to say like all other games developed by FromSoftware, the makers of Sekiro, that this game is extremely challenging. It is very unforgiving and merciless and can quickly frustrate many people like me. But I do also want to point out that this game is not very fun after you play it for a couple hours. Unless you traverse the main story, the game isn’t really fun. Don’t get me wrong though, I absolutely loved playing Sekiro, but unless you’re fighting the bosses and mini bosses, the game is very empty. Mostly, the game is chucked with a bunch of enemies structured all over the place, and how Sekiro really plays out is like going through stages. There are enemies all over a stage, until you finally reach the end where there is usually a boss or mini boss. Also, if you have played Dark Souls (another game by FromSoftware), some elements will feel very similar. However, I want to say the game is not very bad and is okay for normal kids and teenagers. Violence is the main thing in this game, but nothing is too cruel in this game. For most of the game you will be attacking enemies with a sword and if you stagger them enough, you will be able to perform a special move called a death blow. This allows you to stab the enemies through their stomach. However, this is not shown in a gory and bloody fashion. There are only some parts in the game that are a bit gross in my opinion. The first one requires you to chop off someone’s head. He soon