 comes back to life headless and then you will have to kill him by taking a centipede out of headless body. There are other parts where you kill them in a bloody, ninja fashion but it’s not extremely gross and painful. There is also not a lot of torture throughout the game. Blood is also in this game, but there is a setting where you can turn the blood completely off. The stabbing and attacking is shown, but no blood comes when you kill an enemy. Besides that, there is nothing else wrong or inappropriate with Sekiro and I highly recommend kids to get it.But if you’re looking for a easy game that’s not challenging, then I suggest NOT to play this game. I know I didn’t enjoy this game much, but I know a lot of others will. This game is crazy interesting at certain points in the game and is very amazing in how it handles things.
This is an amazing game and is super fun and challenging if your child has ever played a 16+ like assassins creed they will be totally fine there is some blood but the game is awesome if your kid has seen the Hobbit or something like it It will be fine. There is a lot of blood but there was a lot of blood in Avengers Endgame the main character is not evil he is killing evil. In Endgame many heroes killed people so whats the difference.
This game is really interesting and a very good addition to the Soulsborne franchise! Tough as usual but still amazing! Just make sure you're ready to die in this game A LOT
Let’s be real here, if your in the market for a masterpiece like sekiro then you will have played at least a 16+ and if you can handle that you can handle this. Common sense themselves only gave it a 16+ and they’ always super harsh!
This game follows a similar format to dark souls and bloodborne like what From software usually does. This game, however, does not have an online mode. With the absence of online, it allows you to use a variety of different moves, and techniques that you were never able to do in the previous games. This game does get violent, but it's not really a big deal. Sekiro is a very challenging game that will test your patience and frustration. You will end u fighting the same enemies multiple times having to come up with different strategies and tactics to beat them. Younger kids will probably rage quit, but if you think your kids can handle it then go ahead and get the game. Overall there is nothing to worry about. If your kid has ever played an M game, then they should be good.