 Great!
Amazing!!!
Great to have Yarny back again and this time with a friend!
Beautiful still emotional puzzler.
I think younger kids can handle this because it uses puzzles to train your brain! If you're playing multiplayer it can help you bond better with the person ! Get this game!
Awesome!! I loved the original Unravel, but this one is cooler because you can play it with your sister/ brother/ friends. 2 Yarnees! I recommend it for almost everyone.
We really loved the original Unravel, but this was even better because it was two player with your brother/sister. New character abilities made this fun, and we loved the wonderful illustrations. Unlocking the extra Yarny customisations was hard, but the story easy with the help of a good hint system. The spark was always there to help guide the way.
This game can be hard for younger kids. Its very cooperative game. But i think people have to play unravel one first.
its like an action movie
Good game for 13+
Okay for teens 14 and up
Not as good as the first game.
fine for mature teens
Fun game
its no worse then a normal action movie, the voilence is very under-done, it has suicide bombers that explode into chunks of meat but it de-spawns quickly, their is blood pools in free roam but only in particular areas of the map the is next to no blood on a bullet inpact, you can burn people alive with a quick around 3 second animation of the villian trying to put out the fire, their is no charring of the flesh after the burning little to no gore and if your child has youtube it is fine.
There is blood but there's not enough to really see, especially if you're in a long distance engagement (which there are a lot of). There is very frequent swearing but the cussing does not include racial slurs. Honestly, if your kid knows right from wrong there should be no problem.
This game has lots of shooting and killing, it's the main focus of the game. A little blood is shown in combat, but no gore. Strong language is used regularly by both enemy AI and other players online. Enemies make drugs that looks like green gas. Shooting works pretty well, but it gets repetitive quickly because you fight the same enemies over and over. If you enjoy other third person shooters, you will probably enjoy this game as well. Exploring the open world is boring and the story is uninteresting. The graphics look really good though.
The Division 2 has tons of new improvement, but does a lot of stuff wrong. Violence is obviously expected in a looter SHOOTER. You use a variety of weapons, from shotguns, LMG's, SMG's, handguns and more. Shots result in little bit of blood that is mostly hard to see. Language is strong in dialogue; @$$, f#!k and $h!t. Players also play with random other players that could be saying unsuitable language and phrases.
This game has no gore, but you can find dead corpses (Especially in a