 dark zone, inside a bag), Blood after being shot at/ shooting someone, and realistic blood pools on corpses, and there is a lot of profanity (In an online chat, but mostly when fighting other enemies.). This is good for mature 12 y/o. The game is a fun open world 3rd person shooter PvPvE where you try to save humanity from Green Poison, and enemies trying to take over the country.
Trials Rising
Doesn’t make any sense.
trials rising
Great for any age
it is not that good but if you are having a party, party mode is the a really good match!
The point system is horrible. Example, my brother and I have the same points (ex. 7), the other player had finished the race. I had more checkpoints, I was ahead of him, and all the possible reasons I could have a higher score. Yet HE had a HIGHER score than I did? What the heck is that? Also, when I am still waiting to respawn, my friend hits another checkpoint. And before I even had the chance to RESPAWN I die again? Ridiculous.
a really hard game but fun it is fun because it is challenging . There is lots of rapping but is a really engaging game I have not heard any swearing. it is a good game for kids.
I've been playing trials games for about my whole life, I have played every single one, they are all fun and great for pretty much any age, all of the violence in this game is mostly for comedic effect, no blood or gore is shown. There is no sexuality in this game, there is no language, and no blood or gore. This is just a fun, bike riding game that pretty much anyone can enjoy.
If they can watch Looney Tunes, they can play this.
2 Out
It should be 3 outs but the SOUNDTRACK amazing. you won't be disappointing with that. Gotta give em credit for that....kinda seems like they put more effort in that. cheap for Xbox wont be for long.
Why Korby is a bad game fgor childgtren
My childhood game
This team is Sao bade be cause Kirby it evil an I hat6 Kirby for it. (This is a stereotypical review of an angry parent who claims that the game is terrible for children because of dumb stuff this game is actually a very fun game go get it if you don't have the Wii version)
I love this game so much .its so cute
Good game, and not that bad in adult themes
Hot D*mn this game is fun!
Bang bang bang, pull my Devil Trigger!
Amazing Hack-and-Slash Action Game -- One of the Best In the Devil May Cry Franchise
Hot Stylish Action Game Filled With Humor and Gore
Certainly pulled my Devil Trigger.
Fifth instalment slightly more violent
Read this before you no
The legendary devil hunter and his crew are back!
Violence and language
This game is honestly one of THE BEST games I have ever played. I have been a big fan of the game series, so I was 100% in for getting this