 game. Now given I am not an adult, and I might see the world differently. So do not take everything here as fact, but more as an opinion. Let me start out by saying the game is violent, but for a reason. You are a devil hunter in this game, meaning you hunt demons, devils and the likes. In the game series and this game itself it is shown and explained that killing a demon isn't easy. So sure using a giant sword might be over the top, but justifyable. Would you prefer fighting a being as powerfull as a demon with a kitchen knife? Well I wouldn't and neither would the game's protagonists. When it comes to smoking, alcohol and drug usage. There is only one character in the game who smokes which is a woman called: "Nico". She shokes nearly all the time, and the game even says they do not condone smoking or the use of tabacco before you even get into the gameplay. Meaning they got their priorities straight when it comes down to the ussage of tabacco and the likes. The "Sex" in this game is not non existant. There are more than a few cleavage shots, and naked women where the camera just does not show their private parts. Either by not being in the field of few, or blocked by something different than clothing. But "the deed" itself cannot be seen in the game, nor do I recal any references to it being in the game. I also want to adress the language in this game. One of the main protagainists named: "Nero" swears a fair amount. He has a rather teenage attitude, but shows he can go without swearing. He says things like: "Time to kick some a--" or "F--k you". Where from the latter is a late game joke which I will not adress, due to spoilers. He is mainly like "Dante" another protagainist of the game, he is more prone to mocking his foes than he is to swearing, or flipping them off as happens once in the game. The final thing I want to mention is the good message and role model in the game. Sure the protagainists use violence to protect humanity, and are pretty much half or quarter demon themselves. But this game does give off the message that not every demon is evil, and that not every bad is wrong. While an important part in the story for "Nero" is wanting revenge for his lost arm, which is understandable, it is also told how a half demon half human split his halves into 2 fulls. Revealing that in the end the demon remained more human than the human did, which turned into the true devil. So over all this game is not that bad when it comes to mature content. No worse than the games before it which also we're 16+ or well, most of them. I would say anyone of the age of 13 and