 up who understands the difference between fact and fiction should be fine to go. otherwise at least wait untill you are 15 please.
Look, there are some adult references, but I mean come on, its a devil may cry game. They aren't much, but if you're mega strict about those things then ok. But when it some to fun this game rocks it. Its not too hard to get in to with an easy combo option and the easy difficulty is pretty easy, but if you can figure the combos out then this might just be one of the most fun things you can ever play.
EVERYONE READ THIS START TO END This is the best game in the Devil May Cry games, I just love everything about it. I especially like its theme song, Devil Trigger. However there is too much swearing!!! Blood? Yes, but still not too much for me to handle. So what is that bang bang bang about? That was me playing the game cuz its so good! Unleash your inner devils people!!
This game is a really fun hack-and-slash, action, good vs. evil game, but it does require at least some skills to play effectively. It's a very violent game, though, and it can get pretty bloody in some instances, especially in select cutscenes. Two cutscenes that demonstrate this are a scene where a mysterious character rips off a main character's arm, and later in the game, the same mysterious character stabs himself in the abdomen with a sword. The nudity is quite tame, whereas most of the graphic parts are obscured by slime, lighting, or other objects. There is one scene played for humor, but the nudity is censored by light diffraction. The language is pretty strong, including uses of "f**k" and "sh**" in the dialogue. Smoking is pretty frequently used, but not excessively, and it does not "advertise" smoking (This is put into a disclaimer in the opening cutscene.). You are able to buy add-ons for the game, but this is only currency and costume, so they are not needed. The game itself revolves around killing demons and, thus, containing some demonic images, like pentagrams. All in all, the game is an extremely fun one, with amazing graphics and gameplay, and some witty humor and fan service throughout, but it might only be suitable for older teens due to it's semi-complex gameplay and more mature content.
let me just say that i'm a huge fan of the Devil May Cry Series and the latest installment is in my eyes the best that the series has to offer, when it comes to the mature tones of this game i feel as though that it's not as bad as other M Rated games out there like Grand Theft Auto, Call Of Duty Ect, but don't get me wrong it does have gore and a little bit of "sexy" stuff, and what i mean by that is that if you're not watching the cutscenes the gore and sexy stuff is