 practically gone, even when you're fighting enemies the gore is more just slashes of blood and the only bit of sexy stuff you could remotely find is that Trish and Lady are captured by some demons and after Dante and Nero save them they are naked but there breasts and lower area are never exposed, the humor in here is the type that i enjoyed but i don't think its for everyone, like Dante spouting out quirky one liners left and right and doing some stupidly funny stuff, and when Nero insults his enemies one example being when he calls the main Villain Urizen a douche bag and what i mean by "its not for everyone" is that i don't think everyone is going to laugh when after Dante is done slashing demons with his motorcycle he says "Hows that for road rash" and a bunch of other cheesy one liners same thing goes for Nero insulting his enemies, DMC5 has a lot of swear words but personally i don't mind them, i could let my kid play this game with no worries. so in the end top notch Gameplay, semi decent story and a grand SoundTrack gives an absolutely stellar experience that no action gamer should miss.
As a series fan I was a bit apprehensive going into this one, especially after how disappointing DMC4 was. I'm happy to report the game surpassed my expectations and then some. So, in terms of content there really isn't anything that bad. Blood yes, but the violence is only committed against evil demons. Some of the characters wear revealing outfits, but honestly it isn't anything that bad. Dante can be considered a debatably good role model (I still love him to bits) as can Nero and the rest of the crew. Really though, the content isn't that bad, and the game's a lot of fun to boot. This game may not condone smoking, but it certainly condones devil trigger.
A great return to the original Devil May Cry franchise. Violence is tuned up a bit in this instalment. Blood sprays, blood splatters and characters can be covered up in blood. Strong profanity is minor though: s-words, a-words, b-words and one f-word. Partial nudity is contained. Characters are naked but covered somehow; either by slime, light, or blanket.
Devil may cry five is a fantastic game that has tons of great content and easily worth the price the great story and the great game play make for a great gaming experience are you both consuls and PC the only mature content is violence it is quite bloody but the cartoonish nature and the pacing of the game kind of washes that out if it wasn’t for the blood in the go or I would’ve had given it a lower rating but I still think it does not deserve an 18+ and if your kid is 14 or older I think it would be a great pick up and I highly recommend it
After over a decade of