 Not As Bad
Idk why they said 18 plus personally I think it should be 10 plus if you’re mature enough and don’t repeat what’s in the game
Great, but darker than most Fire Emblem games
Great story and gameplay, deep messages and conflicts that could be better understood by older kids
An amazing strategy RPG, with a few more serious parts
fire emblem three houses the game for different people
Good but easy
Good, exercises your brain
WOW. JUST WOW.
Awesome soundtrack but dark themes
Great!
Very good
This newest addition to the Fire Emblem series takes a darker turn, when the cutscenes and dialogue involve massacres, getting stabbed, and other violent deaths of characters. There is not much language, besides d***. It is a lot more realistic, and the characters are relateable, and whichever house you don't choose, and the characters you don't recruit, you will be forced to kill later. Many characters have tragic backstories. There are many innuendoes, and one character is called, "a skirt chaser" by his house leader. This is the first Fire Emblem game to have same-gender marriage options. There are a few flirty characters, and a few females have revealing outfits, although they are not nearly as terrible as other characters from other Fire Emblem games. Gameplay wise, the game is amazing, and it really makes you think hard about where to put your characters and how to keep them safe. It's much more advanced than your average Fire Emblem game, and it has new features. However, I prefer the older games. Gameplay is a bit difficult, so it takes a while to get used to the controls. There are a few references to alcohol.
The game features a lot of great storytelling but the decisions to choose between houses and go against former allies can be difficult and at times heartbreaking, moreover theres a lot of violence and gore (although toned down than it realistically should be) that can make the game better suited for older teenagers. Otherwise it's a great game set in a land akin to Medieval Europe that emphasizes creating bonds with your students and making the right decisions.
Being a big Fire Emblem fan myself, I have to say it’s not as bad as some of the other games. The game has you choose between 3 of the academy’s houses, which gives you different endings for the different houses. You always fight the good fight, defeating baddies during missions. Some of the students wish to be knights, hence the duty, honor, and chivalry. The gameplay is very straightforward and simple once you get used to it a bit. Language is very mild, with some of the words “damn” and “hell” used rarely. There is almost no gore whatsoever (At one point there is blood shown on a knife, but not the victim). Warning! Mild spoilers: During the second part, you are engaged in a war, which your character is the commander of an army. Lots of talk about war and it’s consequences during this part. So anyway, this game is good