 Sixth instalment delivers so much more!
DOA6 is here and kick butt! The fighting game returns for yet another intense sequel. Violence is slightly more graphic. Characters get bruised and bleed during fights. Damage is shown with blood effects. Language is present but is only the use of "$h!t." Sexuality is present. More skimpy and suggestive outfits, but slightly more mild. A lot of cleavage can be seen with some outfits but never too much. Cleavage also has jiggle effects when the fighter moves. Innuendo is infrequent but heard in dialogue.
A bloody game that oozes style.
The game is about you, a gorilla, that tries to escape by smashing and killing everything that is on the way. Of course, there is blood and use of guns. It is also very easy to play.
Complex and requires skill.
A good grand strategy game.
Great game
Intense!
Stellaris- incredibley complex and requires deep thought to play
In-depth game with a lot to offer
This game features little to no violence, with spaceships exploding and planets being destroyed. It can be hard for younger players, and a great deal of time needs to be spent before the game gets fun. The reason I gave this game a 2 star review is that it is extremely buggy, and the devs of the game, Paradox Interactive, don't fix bugs often. DLCs are many and of low quality, and a small amount of pressure is put on the player to purchase them.
It is a very deep game with mechanics that can be very complicated, but there is no presence of Swearing, Gore, etc. Still you shouldn't give this to a 8 year old. It can be complicated your managing an empire you have to manage resources. You have to maintain good relations with other empire or go to war. To wrap things up as long as your kid understands how to do it. It is a fine game.
This game is a great grand strategy game that gets you thinking. The gameplay is great for strategy game fans. However the learning curve is brutal but manageable for older players. Its a shame that most of the content can only be unlocked by payed DLC . TLDR: Great game overall but hard to learn and bad DLC policy.
Amazing game with deep mechanics! Im not sure how to describe this game because its so amazing. Would recommend.
This game is very complicated. So complicated that kids under the age of 14 probably wouldn't be able to play it well. It is very deep and intuitive and VERY, VERY, VERY complex.
Stellaris is an exciting game of an intergalactic empire making its way in the diverse and expansive galaxy that you begin in. The game has a lot of multitasking and goals you can reach in it and is unlimited when considering your choice of how you carve your path in the universe; some of these goals include: Expansion via colonies, research to augment your empire, establishing a viable profit, and many others. Just like the title states; this game is