 very in-depth, and it's a steep learning curve. However, once you learn about the game mechanics it is very easy to play on from there. I would say that the game is designed more for older audiences, not in the case of sexual themes or language, but more of the style of play that it offers. In my opinion, it would be appropriate for an 11 year old, or even a 10 year old to play this game, but it should be recommended that someone who has a good understanding of strategy titles should play and not somebody looking for an easy game with mechanics that are easy to pick up. With that being said, I am not attempting to shoot down Stellaris, but more so trying to accentuate that this game is very extensive and detailed and requires a more seasoned gamer to actually enjoy it. On some further notes, the game doesn't have any sexual themes or swearing that you should worry about. However, there are some thrilling and hectic space battles that are not too hard to encounter in the complex setting of the galaxy you are positioned in and there are some hints of substance abuse from leaders you hire as one of the game mechanics and this may be a very minor influence for the way the game plays out from that point on. However, it is not expounded on in almost any way. The game has a very steep learning curve, but is easy to pick up when the game mechanics are understood. There are not very many things parents should be worried about when considering buying this for your children or when buying it for yourself. The game is a bit pricey, but it is worth it for the right audiences.
For competitive DiRT fans, probably one of the most hardcore in the series
DiRT Rally 2.0 is an entry to a long running series of challenging rally racing, but a sequel to the DiRT Rally series. Violence is in the form of vehicular violence. Cars look very detailed when damaged. High speed crashes are pretty violent, no one is hurt though. Gambling or consumerism is mildly present, In app purchases are not really necessary. Drugs and use of alcohol is not present,but the game advertises Monster Energy Drinks.
Bad graphic's and a lego world's copy
Really good game!
awesome game
I played this game and I love almost every lego game but the graphic's sucked the story was not even similar to the film and they basically made lego world's with worse graphic's and then downgraded it to a game no one want's so if any lego employ reads this fix this next game and to all family's just don't get it.
This game is fun for anyone who has not watched the film, but it is not very accurate. It is great to play with friends or family. My favourite part of it is the special chests and the various items you can get. You can even get