 a rainbow torch, a guitar, and a telescope! Also plenty of references to old LEGO themes. I definitely recommend this!
just like the first!
Very Entertaining and not graphic
Anthem
this game has a lot of chooting but no blood chatering
Awesome Action Game has language.
WTH?! This is game for 18+ in Russia!!!!
A Little Confusing in the Beginning, but Graphics are Spectacular!
The game is not what you'd expect from a 16 (In the UK) as far as I've seen its soldiers in Special suits fighting giant titans and aliens and in my opinion works a bit like battlefront this a great game a PEGI 12 is suitable not a 16
This game is awesome, some blood, and alcohol themes
if you like adventure than this is the rite game for you
Anthem is an Action 3rd person shooter game which consists of flying around and shooting futuristic characters (that are very rarely human). The game can get intense with its flashy gun flares and explosions, but never has blood. When any enemy is shot, the game is usually to dimly lit to be revealing, and when the game is well lit, the blood is nowhere to be found. However, it is there. In the opening fight scene, FreeLancer (the main protagonist) is shown flying in the air shooting large aliens with wings. A small bit of blackish blood flys out from under the gun muzzle. Also, at the beginning, 2 protagonists are killed in the act of fighting a giant titan-like creature. One man is hit by its large hand and hit into a wall where his motionless body lyes (no blood, but it is stated that “he’s gone”) and the other man is crushed by its fist. We don’t see the body, but we do see the fist land on his head. No blood is shown when he is crushed, but when the giant lifts up his fist, some red blood sprays out from underneath. That and the opening fight scenes is the only times blood appears. In gameplay, once again, blood is never shown. (Other violence includes an offscreen execution with elemental powers, hand to hand combat by humans, and a city raid where some civilians are killed offscreen). The language in this game is surprisingly frequent. There are constant uses of Hell and damn, less frequent uses of ass (although there is still about 25 uses), very infrequent uses of sh*t and one incomplete use son of a b*tch. “You son of a-!”. Overall: 10+
This is game is 18+ for Russia! I live in Russia but here in this game a Teen gameplay. But here nothing here in Russia! The creator of game is can't think about us! Well creator of this game, make a this game for teens please!
It's a little confusing in the beginning, and has a lot of information packed into that one game, but other than that, the graphics are just amazing, probably the best graphics I have ever seen in an EA game, or even any game for that matter,