 and it does have a lot of swearing, but it should be okay for ages 13 and up. It's one of the most entertaining video games I've seen, and there is just so much life! Since I play on Xbox, the controller vibrates as I fire, jump or even walk, and that just increases the level of enthusiasm for everybody. The first time I played this game, I was extremely confused on where to go, what to do, and the main thing that I wanted to do is to fight, but keep in mind, there is so much more than just fighting; there is talking to strangers, completing missions, making virtual friends, and so, so much more! I really hope you enjoy this game as much as I do!
Fun, a bit repititive though
Wrecking zone is fun and the campaign is good. It’s mostly just violent and has language but 13 year olds can handle it
open world, doomsday survival
Good game
this game is soooooo addicting
Depends on what parents think most of all
good for this age group
Fine for an adult teen
No sex, no swearing
very fun exploring huge open world. lots of violence but nothing too bad. some blood (which can be turned off). great game for teens aged 13+
I enjoyed this game
yes this game does have swearing and bloody combat including knifes to the face, but there is no gore, just blood. i know that is still bad but this game is appropriate for reasonably mature teens.
This game contains: Strong violence, strong language, explicit Rap, sexual content, cults In terms of: Language, it does have your usual swears, S word, F Bomb, H Word, etc, no racial slurs/insults, that I remember anyway In terms of: violence, it is almost non-stop violence throughout, it isn't very bloody at all, besides some cutscenes (WARNING) a main character gets their head blown off Around halfway through the main campaign! also, some cutscenes are VERY BRUTAL AND DISTURBING In terms of: Explicit music, almost every song on the Rap Channel is explicit, you unlock a new station around 5-10 missions in! In terms of: sexual content, it has VHS tapes (may have been removed) most girls wear bras and pants, nothing to bad. In terms of: Cults, it's the same as Far Cry 5 pretty much. A warning to parents! This game will cover religious content! This game is very violent! This game may teach your child swears!
I have played a lot of the Far Cry games and I would say this is the best one because it has a good moral like freedom. so it can teach people freedom of speech but there also isn't much swearing nor sex. just a lot of violence, witch should be expected because you are "fighting for rights"
I am a not an adult yet but I do play a lot of games, Far Cry New Dawn is one of the games I played most recently. Let me start out by saying there is no direct sexual content in this game,