 just references to it in innapropriate ways. Nothing worse than when someone calls you a "pussy" in high school. And the game involves bad language, but again. Not any worse than what I hear in my own high school. As for the game in general, yes it is violent. But in this case it is somewhat realistic. If the world comes to an end and there are only so many survivors, even if it are only 2. In the end one is going to want the other dead. So people fighting it out is not that off, but the way this game handles the violence is unrealistic. Sure you can die within a couple shots one after the other, but you can regen verry quickly. Which is unrealistic. In general this game isn't all that bad, it is one heck of an adrenaline rush playing with a friend. I'd recomend it for an adult teenager. The age of 15 might be a bit under or over it. But I'd say it is fine to play on these conditions: 1. The player understands that violence is not a realistic problem solver in real life. 2. The player understands that the game is souly made around the rush of it, not to be realistic on inspiring. If these conditions in general are there, I'd say nothing is wrong with the game. Hope it helped you decide, and in case you are planning on getting it: Much fun with the game!
The swearing is only on the radio, so just don’t use it, it’s optional. Gore is just like halo. Personally I think this game should be 16, no sex whatsoever. Mild drug use just smoking and areas where the gas in the air makes your character hallucinate. I recommend for children 12+. Your character is for freedom for innocent people, which is a very good act, just using quite a lot of violence.
Really good game
An immersive survival adventure with a few shortcomings
The sex and the drinking and drugs are incorrect
Beautiful game, Very heavy and lots of swearing
A real review!
I love it the story was good and they should continue making metro games.
For adults or mature teens.
Tunnels, Mutants, and Vodka!
Even though I haven't played any of the previous Metro games as of now, this is one of the most immersive games I have ever played. The atmosphere captures the harshness of the environment so vividly, and the exceptional graphics and sound only add to it. The semi-open world works very well, for the most part. Exploring and looking for resources while dodging mutants to conserve ammo is very tense, sometimes scary. Gameplay is rather slow-paced and less action-packed than say Borderlands or Dying Light, but you still have plenty of enemies to shoot. Some things could of used finer tuning, technical issues can break immersion and hit detection is inconsistent. The story and voice acting isn't good, but there are worse examples. My biggest complaint is the Caspian chapter, which was a bit of