 a slog compared to the rest of the game. The actual content itself isn't too bad, violence is just shooting and melee takedowns with some blood, swearing is standard, and there is some drinking and brief nudity. The tone is very grim and disturbing, probably one of the more realistic depictions of the apocalypse. It's a solid 20 hour shooter that focuses more on mood than spectacle.
Its a great game but not really for kids, and they must have barely even played the game because common sense doesnt tell you about being able to smoke weed or about the strip club with bare breasts.
I would like to submit this review to one up the one done by CSM. Let’s start off this game is absolutely incredible. The game is very immersive and when playing with headphones it can almost seem as if you are in the game. The game is based around the character, Artyom he has been the protagonist of the metro games from 2033 to Last Light and now Exodus. He is a Spartan Ranger, basically a skilled survivor of the wasteland. The gameplay is exquisite with Artyom feeling vulnerable and not an invincible hero as in games such as Halo, yes the game is survival focused (no eating or drinking required) with the need for scavenging being a constant need. In the beginning of the first area you are given almost a portable workbench where attachments can be installed which can be scavenged from enemy guns. Workbenches are also in place where ammo can be crafted for the various weapons. The gunplay is satisfying and is fairly realistic with a focus on stealth. And last the game is not fully open world though each area is somewhat open which seems perfect for the situation and makes for a incredible game experience. All and all if you don’t mind being a wasteland survivor and exploring a brutal depressing world this game is for you! Notes: violence is moderate blood is shown no gore when shot though. Intense moments are great but not for all. Bandits shout words like Motherfu*cker, shit and characters use all sorts of curse words but anyone mature enough will handle it. Nothing sexual in game unlike Last Light. Enjoy everyone!
Fun but not for young kids.
"Metro Exodus" is a pretty good game. I played it and I enjoyed it. Even though the rating says that there are only sexy posters on the wall, there is also a strip club with topless women in the game. During the Caspian Sea mission when the player goes inside the Munai-Bailar oil rig, there is a strip club and brothel inside. The player is able to skip this if the player initiates a fight against Munai-Bailar, but other than that, the game is pretty good and could be played by anyone 10 and up. The language isn't any worse than the average 12 year old and the violence isn't any worse than any other game.
The Metro series has really