 Yes.
Most ages won't have a problem, there's a little sexualization of characters but it's not a problem. Wars involve fighting (obviously). But it's pretty kid friendly but only older audiences will understand a lot of aspects.
Awesome but difficult
Tetris Battle Royale
:O
wow its just a puzzle game CSM
?
One of the Best Versions of Tetris Yet!
Fine game, but fun at times
Best battle royale game ever It deserves more than 5 stars
Brain tickling.
You may think you’re good at tetris and so you want to play this game, hoping that you can achieve a victory royale or nearly one fairly easily. Then when you play the game... you’ll have 10 lines of garbage sent to you and it’s game over. Then you’ll be sad. I had a similar experience. I thought I was good but then discovered I’m not that good. I stopped playing for a few weeks then started again and felt like I was having fun. I also felt like I was gradually getting better. I started watching some videos of really good tetris 99 players and learnt a few strats from them. Before this game I didn’t even know what a t spin was. Or a back to back. Or an all clear. I then found out all these cool things. The game has no tutorial so look up about stuff like attacking modes and badges. As I played the game more I got better and better. Now I have about 45 victory royales and I can sometimes pull off t spin doubles (triples are still impossible for me though). I can also do some l and j spins. I am also much faster than I was before. If you practise, you can always get better! I rated this 10+ because of the difficulty. There is no violence, language or inappropriate stuff. You should get this game. It’s amazing and is the best battle royale game out there! Thanks for reading. From Prath7 (Prath09 in game)
At least its better than Fortnite
There's blood when you kill someone and if you win you get to watch a scene of bloody murder. Just kidding in all honesty this game is amazing! fun to play and addicting! would recommend!
Tetris is a puzzle game why is it rated 8+ like there is nothing bad in it. I think CSM certified raters diddint even play it before.
It’s Tetris
Let me just start off by saying that I am a huge Tetris fan. It's such a brilliant game. Tetris 99 takes the well known Tetris format and makes it so much better! This game includes the classic marathon mode, which you can either try to clear 150 lines or 999, but also includes a battle royale mode. Just because it has battle in the name doesn't mean that it's actually violent. It just means that you compete against everyone to become the winner. The battle mode really brings something extra exciting to the game that's never really been done before. Great game, it's a must have!
It's litterally just competitive tetris.