 There is nothing bad about this game. might be a-bit hard for young players, I haven't had too much fun with the game though, it's not the kid of Tetris I was looking for
Tetris 99 is one of the most innovative games ever. May be a bit hard. I personally have never gotten into the top 10 but it is still really really fun.
I think this game is a great game for kids because of its educational value, For example: Tetris 99 is a game about winning against 99 players. But it also makes the player use their head to complete the tricky game.
Great game, does not dissapoint!
amazing
Good
This game is like the others in the series: Fantastic! Although I would absolutely recommend the Japanese version over the English, this game is still a good addition to the series. It adds so many features to keep the game fresh. The story was amazing. Violence is slight (adorable ghosts beating each other up), but game three is definitely heavier. It involves a literal mob boss with a ton of gangsters, using dynamite, grenade launchers, and even guns. So while Yo-Kai Watch 3 is a bit more on the violent side, it is still amazing for all ages.
its really a great game, kids wont get bored of it and it teaches the difference between american and japanese cultures
While not as good and easier than the first two games. It's still really good and fun i still recommend playing it but get it digital Physical copies are rare.
Let your kids try the game
This game is good and promotes diversity and gives all kids a relatable character
Great but stop comparing it to fortnite.
Different from fortnite try it out
fun
great team work and good role models
Very fun game! Not like Fortnite.
Let your kids get this
Da Best
Best bottle Royale game I've ever played
Let your kids play this .
It is a good game but not for younger kids.
Really Good!
It’s great
Apex Ledgends isnt for 9 or younger
amazing
I rated
My favorite game!
The game is really fun
When most parents of younger children see 'blood' in a rating they overreact. There is zero gore in Apex Legends. Most games use blood as a warning that you are losing health. It is just a red tint if you will around the edge of your screen. If this helps, you can use knives to stab other players by 'finishing them.' Overall, age does not matter when deciding if your child can play Apex Legends. It is based on maturity. Apex Legends is aimed at teens, so that is what they rated it. Yes, I am just a 14 year kid so if you don't think my opinion is valid then please disregard this review. Hope this helps. Have a nice day!
First off let me say that Apex Legends is my favorite game and it is far better than Fortnite both by gameplay and by messages. This game not only has the battle royale mode but a PVE(Playing against AI/the game rather than other players) If you